('Joanne Adair', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe first thing I do before work is make myself a coffee. I leave the lid off while I get ready in the hopes that it will cool down enough to drink. And does it? No.. I make my coffee at 7am and at lunch time it is still burning hot. This is the best travel mug I have had. It keeps my drinks hot (sometimes too well), is so easy to clean and doesn’t leak! 5 stars from me\n')
('Aimee Spalding', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. Keeps contents hot. Easy to use and clean. Definitely recommend\n')
('mandy micra', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHave always previously had plug in coffee cups for my van at work but I won't be going back to them (Lead normally fails at some stage) after buying this product. Love the style, colour, (I got the blue one), the way the lid works and comes apart to clean and boy does it keep your drink hot. Burnt my mouth first few mornings until I realised that, for me, it's necessary to add cold water otherwise your drink will be way to hot for the first two or three hours. Without adding cold water have found that my coffee is still Hot (Not just warm) for up to Six and a half hours ! Reckon it would still be drinkable a couple of hours beyond this. I think it must be made of that stuff they put on the outside of the space Shuttles !\n")
('Chris', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drink hot/warm exceptionally well.\n')
('Agnieszka Ries', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDies war ein Geschenk für meine Mutter - die ist begeistert! Der Thermobecher hält den Inhalt so warm, dass man aufpassen muss, sich nicht zu verbrennen! Top Qualität!\n')
('lexy', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot for hours\n')
('Carsten Heusig', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nhab ewig nach einem schlichten, schönen Thermobecher gesucht, der seinen Zweck erfüllt und perfekt in die Kfz Halterung passt.Bin begeistert !\n')
('Laura', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was certainly surprised just how long my drink stayed hot and most importantly I haven’t had any spillages, which after my previous mug leaked all over my bag, I am particularly pleased about.I will say I haven’t used my new 720 mug much as I have only just received it, but I’m confident it was a great purchase and I will add it’s aesthetically very pleasing and I love the fact I can drink out of it from anywhere on the lid - great design.\n')
('NB', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nLets be honest £20 is expensive for a thermos and this has a major design flawyou don't know when it is open or closed there is no way to tell, if you forget what click its on open or closed then when you pick it up and move it boiling hot coffee all over the place! for £20 its not worth it.\n")
('Bananen Bruno', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hab den Becher in rot - tolle Farbe, ich mag ihn sehr. Leider passt er im Backwerk, wo ich oft meinen Kaffee kaufe, nicht unter den Automaten. Da ich ihn aber so schön finde, nehme ich ihn jetzt im Büro für Tee\n')
('Emma G.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSturdy, completely leak proof and kept my coffee hot all day. Really easy to clean and I love the look of it. Great purchase.\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is now my second purchase. I brought one for my husband in red and added a Toothless the Dragon decal on it. I became jealous of his, so I brought my own!!! It keeps drinks hot for hours, lean proof and you can’t feel any heat come through when you’re holding it. I’ve had no problems and will probably buy more to decorate as gifts.\n')
('Rosie Henry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLost the original mug and bought another one straight away. Didn’t bother with a coloured one as the paint flaked off eventually (in the dishwasher) so went for the stainless steel finish. It’s still just as brilliant as the first. Well worth the money. Best mug ever.\n')
('moo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe product looks great but cannot keep tea warm for even two hours.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought one of these for my wife at Xmas so impressed with quality, style and results got one myself, I made a coffee before left for work, left it at home by mistake it was still hot enough when got home 7 hours later. Only one tiny complaint would like an indicator of some sorts so its easy to see if left lid open. But overall can't recommend highly enough.\n")
('Cameron', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFinally a cup that keeps coffee as it should be HOT HOT HOT no more wasted cups when I get side tracked\n')
('Gabi Greguska', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove this cup. Keeps drinks hot all day and is largely leak proof although I have had a couple of drips when it's closed. The only minor gripe is that's not the easiest to clean due to the lid mechanism.\n")
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMy hand after I picked it up not knowing it's pressed down. There should be an indicator or something, so it's easy to tell. Seriously guys, it needs to be sorted. I'm not clumsy, I'm quite opposite to that. And it can still happen, especially when in a rush!\n")
('Angela Prewett', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally nice design. Colour and surface top quality. Keeps drinks warm for ages.\n')
('Emma', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product ! Looks fab and keeps my coffee hot for over 2 hours\n')
('N. Miles', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is superb, bought one for the wife over 12 moths ago still like new so got one for myself. in fact it’s too good thermos flask like heat retention, makes the coffee to hot to drink on my hour commute. The 360 drinking option means no distractions when driving and the slim design fits snug in the car holder. Easy to clean and so far 100% reliable.\n')
('eine Kundin', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher ist super! Ich bin sehr zufrieden. Nur wegen dem Preis hab ich länger gezögert.\n')
('Jennifer Wheeler', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a birthday present.\n')
('jason', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIts really a great travel mug. It is slightly bigger than I thought but then, that means i get more coffee to go! Let me breakdown my feedback:1) Leak proof - it needs to be assembled/ twisted in properly. My first assembly, slightly leaked but after refitting it, it works as expected. Tip to self, test leakage with some water before filling up with my coffee.2) Hot - it really keeps my coffee boiling hot. Freshly filled hot coffee at 2pm and by 6pm it was still nice and warm. Warm because I had to leave the lid out to cool down my super hot coffee before I could drink it!3) Easy to drink from -  like from a cup. Caution: when the drink is boiling hot, best  not drink it from the lid until your drink has cooled down. As i can't see the liquid, its hard to 'sip' it slowly to avoid burning my tongue.4) Not hot to hold - its perfect. Boiling water inside the mug but you don't feel a thing when holding it.Conclusion: very happy with my new travel mug.\n")
('Enibas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält was er verspricht.Leider ist bei mir die schwarze Farbe bereits nach der 5ten Benutzung abgeblättert, obwohl ich ihn immer per Hand abgespühlt habe.\n')
('Andreas K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMein Lieblingsteil und ständiger Begleiter.Hält sehr lange Tee warm.\n')
('ElaineG', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought one for my husband for Christmas and after trying it out recently I went back and bought one for me.  I hate luke warm tea but this container kept the tea piping hot for hours.  Love the colour of mine too.  Would definitely recommend.\n')
('donna', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. I’ve used it for hot drinks only, and these remained hot after several hours. It fits into the cup holders in my car, which I guess is a standard size. Cleans up good. Tip, and as the makers suggest, store with the lid off.\n')
('Sylvie Schorcht', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin TOP Becher\n')
('Jozsef Rozsa', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\necht cool\n')
('O Kitson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI would give 0 stars for it because it is not leak proof. It leaked all over. Not worth a penny.\n')
('Courtney Martin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas a gift for my husband and he loved it, does not leak and definitely worth the money and convenient\n')
('Vanessa', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält super warm, nehme ihn täglich mit zur Arbeit\n')
('Molly', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch finde es gut das man den Deckel zur Reinigung auseinander bauen kann. Verwendet für Kaffee, welcher lange heiß bleibt. Allerdings beim trinken kommt zu viel Flüssigkeit raus. Wenn man versucht nichts zu verschütten, schluckt man viel Luft was nicht gut ist. Anfangs hatte ich auch nicht überprüft ob der Deckel zu ist, da man es kaum optisch erkennen kann. Deshalb Becher offen in die Tasche gesteckt und natürlich fast alles ausgeschüttet. Wenn man den Deckel nicht fest genug zusammen baut, läuft der Becher auch aus. Das waren zwar eigenverschuldete Missgeschicke, aber wenn man es eilig hat, dann ist dieser Becher nicht zu empfehlen.\n')
('Clemens', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSehr schnelle Lieferung. Kaffeebecher hält dicht und die Getränke sehr lange heiß. Hatte nur nach ein paar Tagen Probleme mit dem Klickmechanismus. Kurze E-Mail an den Service und nach kurzer Zeit hatte ich einen neuen funktionierenden Ersatzdeckel. Danke für den schnellen und freundlichen Service.\n')
('Meandmart', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMake coffee at 6am, still hot at 4pm. Delighted with it\n')
('Matt D', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the product now but the first time I used it I was not prepared for how well it retained heat and burned myself, have since adjusted how hot I make my drink and its been perfect for me\n')
('Muse', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nIch bin total zufrieden, der Kaffee oder Tee bleibt fast den ganzen Tag heiß\n')
('Mr S P Norman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCumple perfectísimamente sun función con bebidas calientes que es con lo que lo uso. Me resulta un poco caro aunque hay que reconocer que no todos los vasos térmicos cumplen tan bien. Bonito diseño. Envío correcto.\n')
('mr s d jones', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nConsiglio l'acquisto.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWenn heiße Flüssigkeiten drinnen sind, dann kann man Luft hören, was aus dem Deckel kommt.\n')
('Lynne George', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally like this travel mug. Keep my morning tea hot for hours.\n')
('Malisa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 4 mal benutzt ist verschluss kaputt.\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug looks and feels great, a simple design, easy to clean and doesn’t seem to leak even when it’s on its side. I used it whilst at a recent football match and it kept my coffee nice and hot to the last sip! Added bonus it’s carbon neutral and all packaging is recyclable.\n')
('Cheekyfrog', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove my cup! It’s doesn’t leak even though I’ve tried to make it, only way it would leak is if haven’t screwed back together properly. Perfect size so my drink is same as it would be at home, keeps drink nice and hot. Even tastes good how it should from normal cup. Very easy to clean. Starting to think these cups are better than the standard household cup as I’m either gaming or on my phone so my drinks are always going cold. Sometimes I’ll make a drink and next thing dogs want to go out so I use mine indoors too as my drink will stay hot if I forget it lol. I have just ordered a second one because of this.\n')
('MARGEAULT', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product\n')
('DNC', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach der wirklich sehr langen Nutzung eines ähnlichen Bechers eines anderen Herstellers, wurde dringend Ersatz gesucht. Notwendig wurde dieser Wechsel, weil es einfach unmöglich war, den Verschluss gründlich zu reinigen.Dieser Thermobecher bietet aber nicht nur die leichte Reinigung, weil sich der Deckel komplett zerlegen und abspülen lässt, sondern eine schwer beeindruckende Leistung hinsichtlich der Temperatur-Regulierung! Absolute Kaufempfehlung bei unschlagbarem Kundenservice! 👍\n')
('Jan', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps things very hot, doesn't leak, looks cool, what more do I need\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '')
('Monika Fuhrmann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSieht gut aus und hält Stunden warm.\n')
('MB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nRelativement léger, étanche et facile d'utilisation.Conserve très bien la chaleur : plusieurs heuresJe mettrai le commentaire à jour.\n")
('Eddie Thornton', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery nice looking and keeps drinks piping hot!\n')
('Alexander', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange warm schönes Aussehen läuft nicht aus\n')
('Louise', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWorks great for when doing deliveries and just driving in general. Keeps my tea or coffee hot for hours even after 2-3 hours it’s as hot as when I first made it. Also super simple to clean everything comes apart so your not struggling to get one ring off or worried about not getting a proper clean on it like some travel mug. It really is the best travel mug I’ve ever had\n')
('Jimmy Quiz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe fact that the lid can be disassembled for cleaning pleases me WAY more than I thought it would. When I make tea in the cup I have to leave it to cool for a while before I put the lid on otherwise I’ll burn myself. It is comfortable in the hand. It is good looking. I’m very happy with it.\n')
('PCN', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNot tried yet but I'm sure my son-in-law will be very pleased with it.\n")
('Murgie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat. Had tried lots of other travel mugs but this is the best. Lrakproofand keeps drinks hot for hours. Great Quality and value forminey. Well worth it. Will definitely buy again.\n')
('Ingo Schunke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFühlt sich gut an und hat eine angenehme Größe. Wir haben sie in braun gekauft- passend zum Auto ;- )Kaffe bleibt schön heiß. Alles bestens. Absolut empfehlenswert!\n')
('R. Newman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is probably.one of the best travel flasks I have purchased.  Definitely worth it.\n')
('Stefanie Weingardt', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher und hält sehr lange die Temperatur\n')
('stephen potts', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes as it says on the tin\n')
('Norma Reid', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGot this for morning dog walks. Doesn't leak, keeps my coffee hot. No complaints at all!Update: 3 months later, still very happy with this. Have just ordered one for my partner.Update: 1 year later, still happy. It goes through the dishwasher now and again (even though its not supposed to). This has resulted in some of the silver paint flaking off but it hasn't affected the cup at all (plus its silver underneath so silver on silver anyway).  Would not hesitate to buy again.\n")
('M.Th.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFür unterwegs\n')
('Nadeem', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHaving purchased many which claimed to be leakproof I was disappointed. So sceptical when I purchased this one.  However the reviews and description was true. Really easy to clean and looks great as well.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nNach mehreren Fehlversuchen, endlich ein Thermobecher der alle Erwartungen erfüllt!Sehr leicht und dünnwandig und dennoch hält er den Kaffee stundenlang heiß.Des Weiteren gibt es einen TOP Service.\n')
('alex.dan', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält, was er verspricht. Ich habe mir an meinen Kaffee selbst 2h nach dem Einfüllen noch die Zunge verbrannt.\n')
('Natalie ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon rapport qualité prix, bien étanche, seul bémol, le revêtement rouge se décolle après 2 mois d’utilisation et de passage au lave vaisselle.\n')
('T. Berger', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist super! Ich hab ihn selbst und inzwischen schon zweimal verschenkt! Die Farben sind toll aber viel wichtiger, er läuft nicht aus und hält das Getränk wirklich sehr lange warm!\n')
('Danella Pockett', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThese flasks are fabulous but I couldn't find the colour I wanted anywhere.  I finally found it on Kaave and ordered it - payment via Amazon which confused me!  I had immediate contact from Kaave, introducing themselves and offering assistance if needed.  Absolutely outstanding customer care and it arrived so quickly.  Can not recommend highly enough.  Thank you Kaave!\n")
('Mandi G.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product is exactly as described and is of excellent quality. My coffee stayed hot for almost five hours so no complains on that front. Would definitely buy again from this supplier and good value for money.\n')
('Jana Schneider', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEverything worked perfectly while unbroken, i was super impressed, but now after a week of use, the mechanism controlling whether cup is open or closed has broken. It now remains open and is basically useless to me.\n')
('—————', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic great for either hot or cold easy to drink from, good seal\n')
('AmneKindle Customer', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nPretty good mug, keeps everything hot (or cold!) for ages! I use this mug at work, leaving it on my desk with a brew in first thing in the morning and it's still hot when I get back at lunch time.Easy to drink from, easy to dismantle for cleaning and quite sleek looking (for a mug).My only criticism would be that it isn't completely leak proof. It's good enough for walking around with the lid shut but I wouldn't put it in a bag for transporting with anything valuable.If I take it home from work I will sometimes put a coffee in it first thing in the morning to take to work, but it has to go in the outside pocket of my rucksack as the lid leaks slightly. I've tried the old 'fill with water and turn upside down' to test it and there was water dripping from the lid,  not a massive amount but certainly not leak proof as they suggest. Even after stripping down for cleaning and putting it back together properly it won't seal perfectly.\n")
('medical student', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFirstly, let me say this mug is amazing. It keeps hot drinks hot for a good 6 hours (I haven’t tried cold) and looks great.The lid is leak proof and if it does let any fluid out, I think it’s residuals left in the lid from drinking from it - never had any issues after making fresh drinks, so just make sure the lid is empty after closing it.The lid is easy to disassemble and coped with the dishwasher fine. The mug is a little more difficult to clean because of its shape, too narrow to get your hand all the way to the bottom, so something long and narrow is required - like a dish brush you filthy people...Now, the down side. I’ve had mine 2 months And this finish is already degrading. I suspect from cleaning the rim and threads (see picture) it could probably have done with being anodised.However - that doesn’t detract from how good the mug is at being a travel mug.it night not look as pretty, but by far the best mug I’ve owned.\n')
('Alexandra Tremeer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a great cup, I would say one of the best leak proof cups I have bought there is one draw back and that is it is easy to tip it to high and spill it on yourself, however that is my fault not the cup\n')
('C. Sharp', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nKeeps drinks boiling for hours ideal wish it had a properDrinking spout but it’s still a really great product\n')
('jannik', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält gut warm - leider geht nur nach etwas mehr als einen halben Jahr rundherum die Beschichtung ab 😏 und es sieht nicht mehr schön aus. daher würde ich den Becher nicht noch einmal kaufen.\n')
('Silvia', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer Thermobecher macht nicht nur optisch einen super Eindruck, er hält auch, was er verspricht. Ist super dicht und hält bei mir den frisch aufgegossen Kaffee ca. 5-6 Stunden warm. Kalte Getränke habe ich bisher nicht ausprobiert, da es v.a. ein Kaffeebecher ist..Da man den Deckel auseinander bauen kann, ist auch die Reinigung kein Problem!Vielleicht also ein vergleichsweise eher etwas teureres Modell, aber ich hoffe, die positiven Eigenschaften halten dafür auch 😉\n')
('Oscar Blas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice sleek cup. Does what it says on the tin\n')
('Jonathan Richards', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nOk could be slightly wider\n')
('Frank S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher an sich ist sehr hübsch, auslaufsicher und vor allem im Gegensatz zu seinen Konkurrenten sehr leicht. An sich der beste Becher, den ich je hatte und auf den ich auch ausnahmslos umschwenken und mir mehrere exemplare bestellen würde, wenn er nicht eine kleine Macke hätte.Leider löst sich außen der Farbüberzug nach nur zwei Benutzungen ab. Ich habe ihn lediglich mit der Hand abgewaschen und er war auch einfach zu reinigen, das Material ist aber leider ungeeignet. Nun sieht der Becher leider nicht mehr hübsch, sondern ganz schön schäbig aus. Schade und für den Preis ein No Go!\n')
('Mitch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLoved it very good product\n')
('Norbert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Wärme wird Mega gut gehalten, auch wenn der auslaufsichere Klickdeckel offen ist, bleibt mein Tee mehrere Stunden heiß. Ich muss den Tee sogar nach dem Ziehen mit kaltem Wasser "ablöschen", weil ich ihn sonst über Stunden einfach immer noch nicht trinken könnte.Leider ist die Lackqaulität etwas anderes. Ich habe den Becher 2 Wochen, immer von Hand gespült, er ist nie runter gefallen und wurde auch nicht mit spitzen oder scharfen Gegenständen transportiert, und heute fällt mir beim Handspülen dieser Lackplatzer ins Auge. Das ärgert mich, vor allem bei dem Preis. Alles in allem super Teil, aber DAS ist ein großes Manko.\n')
('Katie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSleek, keeps product hot for hours.\n')
('waqqas_khan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nreally like it.only one drawback, it is too tall for supermarket free coffee. now being the norm to bring your own container.\n')
('JBGSP', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStylisch schöner Thermobecher, der heiße Getränke länger warmhält als alle, die ich bisher probierte. Mit einer Hand bedienbar.\n')
('marky mark', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJoli mug isotherme qui maintient longtemps au chaud, je recommande ce produit.\n')
('F.d.C.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProdukt nicht durchdacht.Das du besteht außen aus Metall. Somit wird es sehr schnell kalt wenn es es draußen kalt ist. Da frieren einem dann sehr schön dir Finger ab. Eine gummimanschete wie bei emsa ist da sinnvollerDer Deckel klappert und insgesamt wirkt das Ding nicht sooo hochwertig wie es dargestellt wird. Und sehr teuer. Frag mich nur warum. Es hat nichts was andere nicht haben. Deswegen geht es zurück.\n')
('Astrid Schreier', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKlasse Becher, hält wirklich lange den Kaffee heiß und Design ist spitze.\n')
('KateH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDurable easy to drink from and leak proof\n')
('HT', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup does what it says it does 👍\n')
('K.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Design, schöne Oberflächenstruktur,auslaufsicher\n')
('Mc972', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad only for a few weeks but all good, lovely tactile design and colours (plum). But most importantly for me totally leak proof, although it is early days. I touch pops open the lid. It keeps things very hot for ages, so mind your lips. You may need to take lid off to let cool down.\n')
('N i n a.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKlasse wie immer von dieser Firma.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nLong lasting\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher, den ich ewig gesucht habe: Auslaufsicher (sofern man daran denkt, zu prüfen ob der Ausguß oben auf oder zu ist - klingt blöd, aber: wenn man den Deckel aufschraubt, geht meiner meist spontan auf "auf"!), hält locker 4 Stunden heiss und passt vor allem endlich mal in meinen Becherhalter im Auto (Skoda). Ich reinige den Becher (Metallausführung!) in der SpüMa und den Kunststoffdeckel vorsichtshalber von Hand.\n')
('MS B KAUR', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad some good travel mugs but this one is the gold standard.My drink stays hot, mouth burning hot for the whole day.\n')
('Sani', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOptisch ist der Becher sehr ansprechend. Ich spüle ihn per Hand, lässt sich gut auseinander schrauben und wieder zusammenbauen. Doch leider hält er nicht wirklich lange warm. Nach 3 Stunden ist mein Kaffee nur noch lauwarm. Dachte zuerst ich hätte vielleicht den Deckel nicht richtig zusammengesetzt, aber daran liegt es nicht. Außerdem hakt der Verschluss beim auf- und zuklicken, was sich auch nach mehrmaligem zusammenmontieren nicht ändert! Ausserdem ist das Trinken an sich gewöhnungsbedürftig, beim ersten Mal hab ich mich erst mal eingesaut, weil gleich ein großer Schwall rauskommt. Aus diesen Gründen nur 3 Sterne.\n')
('David E England', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOne of the best I've seen in a while\n")
('Sean McKenna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely delighted with this travel mug. I already have the water bottle; so I knew it would be of the same excellent quality!\n')
('Crashing', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFits perfectly in my car holder. The ingenious lid is AMAZING!!! Coffee stays piping hot for HOURS!!! No joke\n')
('pavilion', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist täglich in Gebrauch und absolut auslaufsicher.Der Inhalt bleibt sehr lange heiß !Was mich etwas stört ist,dass man beim trinken vorsichtig ankippen sollte,da es sonst rechts und links am Mund vorbei läuft .Da war mein letzter Becher besser.\n')
('Alexej Keller', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher  720°DGREE ist schlicht und schön. Er hat ein Fassungsvermögen von fast 0,5 Liter und hält das Getränk richtig lange sehr heiß.Genau das was ich brauche!\n')
('reporter H', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrought this as a present so have actually used it yet. Delivery was fast and the item itself looks really nice and packaged well\n')
('Bücherwurm', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin viel unterwegs und hab immer einen Tee oder Kaffee dabei.Doch niemals hatte ich so lange ein heißes Getränk, wie in diesem Becher.Beim ersten Mal hab ich mir nach fast 5 Stunden echt noch die Zunge am Tee verbrannt.Endlich mal ein gutes Produkt!Teuer, doch sein Geld wert!!!!\n')
('Eggi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo wie der Deckel designed ist läuft zwangsläufig immer das raus was beim schließen an Restflüssigkeit unter dem Deckel bleibt. Außerdem sind die Plastikzylinder im inneren des Druckverschlusses bei der kleinsten Schrägstellung so schwergängig dass der Deckel regelmäßig nicht wieder hochkommt nachdem man ihn runtergedrückt hat. Genau diese Komponente lässt sich dabei nicht auseinanderbauen und ich sprüh mir jetzt nur ungern etwas WD-40 in den Deckel meines Kaffeebechers.Alles in allem hatte ich mir von einem To-Go-Becher in dem Preissegment deutlich mehr erhofft und rate vom Kauf eher ab.Das Aussehen ist allerdings schlicht und edel und gefällt mir eigentlich sehr gut…Und vielleicht habe ich auch einfach nur eine Montagsproduktion abbekommen, kann mir allerdings unter den Umständen des Designs kaum vorstellen wie das klappen soll.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist ein Nachkauf. Den ersten habe ich 2020 erworben und war sehr zufrieden.\n')
('Rachel Hall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use mug. Flexible. Well worth the cost.\n')
('ht', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gute Qualität. Getränke bleiben lange heiß, außen jedoch kalt. Einfaches Handling.\n')
('David Schafer', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nLooked at a few thermal mugs especially contigo and was recommended this. I personally think the lid is superior. Easier to drink from and clean. Coffee made at 0700 stays hot until midday at least.\n')
('Darlyn', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher ist super,  die Deckel sind eher problematisch von Haltbarkeit des Klickmechanismus. Darum leider auch nur 4 Sterne.\n')
('Hamburgerin ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schöner Becher hält was er verspricht kann ich weiter empfehlen\n')
('Miss A', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\npremetto che l'ho usato solo una volta e dopo appena un ora e mezza averlo riempito di caffe che lp ha tenuto praticamente alla quasi stessa temperatura,non ho messo nessuna stella per la tenuta perche mi riservo di recensirlo di nuovo in futuro,comunque stilisticamente molto bello direi fashion,all'apparenza solido e comodissimo col tappo a pulsante.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI had 1 previously and it was 100% leak proof this one i am having a few issues with i only replaced my old one as it got broken. Yep nope passRead below for accurate details20/04/21Update onto 3rd mug and once again the plastic lid is causing me issues the makers have reached out to me and explained the bottle is not made of metal?Dropping the item when full onto a hard surface (carpet wood flooring) will break the item.So it's a travel mug that you shouldn't travel with!!!This 3rd one is also not leak proof like the first and I must admit I brought a contigo travel mug fell up some steal stairs at work and only dented the mug if it had been this item no doubt it would have broken.Take a pass on this one if you want a travel mug you can actually travel with!It may as well be made of porcelain it breaks that easily.\n")
('Jeff', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic! Really good quality. Drink stays hot for ages and no leaks. Easy to wash. Would definitely recommend.\n')
('Karen C.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best! Don’t buy anything else!\n')
('maureen davies', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this, my only grip is the lid is not easy to clean and if not cleaned throughly gets a musty smell. It stays very hot and does not leak. Trick is fill put lid on with it open then close it so it does not get air lock. A little liquid may come out if you have over filled but once this pours away it will not leak.\n')
('M', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat ein sehr schönes Design. Leider führt das schlanke Design zu einer Höhe, die nicht merh unter alle Kaffeemaschinen passt. Manche Kaffee-Shops befüllen ihn dann leider nicht. Das schlanke Design erschwert die Reinigung, wenn man nicht entsprechnd schlanke Hände hat. Wir reinigen ihn mit einem Flaschenreiniger. Die Wärme hält er sehr gut. Er hält auch sehr dicht, wenn man nicht versehentlich auf den Deckel drückt. Dieser öffnet sich sehr leicht. Das ist sehr angenehm, wenn man drinken möchten, einfach per klick, das ist unangenehmn, wenn man ihn in einer Tasche transportieren möchte, bei der evtl. andere Teile den Deckel berühren könnten.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent for keeping drinks hot (not luke warm!) for long period of time. Great item!\n')
('Christine K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermosbecher ist echt super. Ich habe morgens Tee rein gemacht und selbst nach 6 Stunden war der Tee noch angenehm warm. Nur der Becher ist etwas schwer zu reinigen da er so dünn ist.\n')
('Gabriele aus Berlin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuch nach mehrmonatiger gelegentlicher Benutzung bin ich immer zufrieden. Der Kaffee bleibt ausreichend lange warm, was ja überhaupt der Sinn eines Thermobechers ist. War mit anderen Bechern vom Wettbewerb eher unzufrieden. Insofern, klare Kaufempfehlung.\n')
('Manuel', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper\n')
('OL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent! Tried many travel cups, this keeps drinks pipping hot for hours. Leak proof! Was recommended by a family member.  Well worth ever penny.\n')
('Moritz', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält, was es verspricht. 👍🏻Mein Getränk ist auch nach Stunden so heiß, als wäre es frisch eingefüllt worden.\n')
('Lucy ', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThis is a great product.  got one as a leaving gift from colleagues and liked it so much that I then got one for my wife as she kept pinching it!  Really durable and easy to use design, looks great and will keep drinks hot for at least 4-5 hours.Lid breaks down into three parts for easy cleaning.Key part of my daily commuting kit now and even just when out and about at weekends.\n')
('Billy no mates', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this as a gift for my husband and it was so good I decided to buy another for myself! Best travel cup I have ever had. Keeps our coffee hot all day if needed, really nice sleek design and 100% leak proof.\n')
('JOE', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nHabe ich von meinen Kindern zum Geburtstag bekommen und ist seitdem fast rund um die Uhr im Einsatz. Hält super warm  -  Deckelmechanismus funzt. Einziges zu überdenkendes wäre, für die Mittelkonsole im Auto ist er fast zu hoch. Stört also beim Griff zum Schaltknüppel und der Ablage des rechten Armes, da er recht schmal und daher recht hoch ist. Dies kann aber kein Grund für Punktabzug sein, deshalb 5 Sterne.\n')
('Katherine Walton', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGot this for commute to work and on the go so far 2 days in and I love it\n')
('Papa K', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreatJust what need for days driving\n')
('Dax', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher macht einen sehr robusten und optisch ansprechenden Eindruck.Der Öffnen Mechanismus ist durch eindrücken des Deckels gelöst. Dann kann man sozusagen ringsherum aus dem Verschluss des Deckels trinken. Das ist an sich ein ganz geniales Konzept, nur muss man schon hingucken, ob das Teil gerade offen oder geschlossen ist. Ein Klicken zum öffnen/schliessen zeigt aber ob der Verschluss offen oder geschlossen ist. Vielleicht kann man hier irgendwie in dem Plastik des Deckels eine Einfärbung machen die man nur sieht, wenn der Deckel runtergedrückt ist und damit offen...Wärmeleistung ist ok. Ist selbst nach einem Tag zumindest noch Lauwarm.Die Reinigung des Behälters ist recht einfach, da es quasi ein Teil ist, wo man easy mit einer Bürste rankommt.Anders sieht es allerdings beim Deckel aus. Der Verschluss hat eine recht komplexte Mechanik, wo man eigentlich nur abspülen kann. Wenn da mal was verkeimt ist, wird man es nur mühsam sauber bekommen. Also besser gleich nach Gebrauch abspülen. Wie die Mechanik von innen aussieht ist schwer zu sagen und ob dort auch noch Verschmutzung möglich ist.Anzumerken ist noch, das der Bereich aus dem man dann trinkt offen nach aussen steht - ist ja quasi der Deckel. D.h. das wird potentiell auch durch äußere Einflüsse verschmutzt. Eine Kappe, die man optional draufklippen kann, wäre sicher super und einfach zu realisieren (vielleicht drucke ich mir mal sowas mit dem 3D Drucker). Dann kann man das Gefäß auch einfach so in den Rucksack werfen, ohne das da Schmutz an die Trinköffnung kommt.Alles in allem aber ein super Produkt, was auch noch gut aussieht und nicht ein Plastikteil aus China ist.In der nächsten Iteration werden dann vielleicht noch kleine Optimierungen gemacht.\n')
('Becky lloyd', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese flasks are just great.  if you want it hot they keep it hot, if you want it cold they keep it cold even on the hottest day.\n')
('Michael H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider nach nur einem Monat in Gebrauch blättert die Lackierung ab.Der Deckel ist zerlegbar, was man auch muss, sonst riecht es unangenehm. Er ist der meines Sohnes, ich wusste nicht das er tropft und habe mir somit auch noch meine Tasche verschmutzt. Es ist auch schlecht ersichtlich wann der Deckel zu ist-deshalb floss die Hälfte meines Espresso‘s erstmal in die Spüle.Ich bin enttäuscht und werde versuchen den Artikel zurück zu geben.\n')
('Prodromos Pitsillidis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this as a gift for my wife after her last coffee mug was starting to look it's age.  This 720 degree mug is very stylish, easy to clean, completely leak proof if used correctly and keeps the liquid inside hot for hours.  First use was for a 30 min drive, followed by a 2 hour walk and it was still warm at the end of the walk.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWow what a product. I don't normally do reviews but for this I had to. An amazing product. This thermal mug is superb, keeps drinks hot for hours and is very easy to use. Press in the middle of lid to open and close the only thing to worry about is the drink can be too hot and burn your mouth. I normally use hot enough but not to burn my mouth which still stays hot for a long time. The top comes apart to clean easily  and incase you damage the top, replaceable ones are available to buy. It feels really good in the hand and looks amazing too. I put it in my bag on it's side but never leaks a drop(just make sure it's closed properly). came well packed and delivered in good time.  Money well spent.\n")
('Tamed individual', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nho comprato quello grigio scuro. molto bello e funzionale.provato con caffe americano, fatto con acqua da bollitore: dopo tre ore era ancora imbevibile tanto era caldo. ho dovuto lasciare il tappo aperto per farlo raffreddare piu velocemente.consigliatissimo\n')
('sarah russell', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nGreat for keeping drinks hot or cold, but be careful when drinking from cup with lid on as can spill out if tipped back too far.Also my lid has stopped working after just 15 days! it won't close so have to unscrew & fiddle to get it to close.\n")
('KSudmann', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Becher ist Spitze.Inhalt bleibt ganz lange heiß, liegt super in der Hand, hält dicht und bietet großen Trinkkomfort, da man aus jeder Position trinken kann. Auch das Fassungsvermlgen ist genau richtig.\n')
('Viwi81', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMir gefällt der Becher sehr gut. Er liegt gut in der Hand, ist super dicht und hält sehr lange sehr heiß. Sehr freundliche und zuvorkommende Kundenbetreuung. Ich bin sehr zufrieden damit.\n')
('Michael Viehweider', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhält was er verspricht und sehr einfach in der Handhabung und absolut auslaufsicher - Top!! Lässt sich auch toll und einfach reinigen.\n')
('Kral76', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe heissen Tee überall aber nicht im Bauch - Boden, Schreibtisch, Hosen. Erste 24h hat alles wunderbar funktioniert, heute aber nicht mehr - Dichtung funktioniert nicht mehr. Artikel auf dem Weg zurück.\n')
('Linda M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSeems to be genuinely watertight and is easy to drink from, which were my primary priorities. Looks good too. Only slight niggle is that a small amount of liquid can sit in the rim, so small risk of drips when cup is closed. Will just need to be careful when wearing white!\n')
('Tallulah sunrise', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery tough. Great for smaller cup holders. Ergonomic lip would be nice. Definitely holds the heat.\n')
('Lewis Cole', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI purchased the 720°Dgree travel mug March20 which is almost a year.I started off taking it to work each day but lockdown quickly set in so it’s been used perhaps once a week since.I gave this mug 5 stars for warmth, leaking and ease to drink from- I love this mug, however unfortunately it scores zero for longevity- the beautiful colour on the outside started peeling off from the top edge within a few months and has been getting progressively worse since.If that bothers you, I wouldn’t recommend this product.I’m undecided whether I would buy another.\n')
('marcel meyer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieses herausragende Trinkgefäß ist der beste Thermobecher, aus dem ich bisher genießen durfte. Er hält Getränke tatsächlich richig lange, richtig heiß oder entsprechend kalt je nach Anwendung. Außerdem ist er ohne wenn und aber auslaufsicher, ich transportiere ihn sogar oft bewusst liegend.Ich habe den Becher bereits seit 2017 und kann mich bisher nicht über schlechte Lackierung beklagen, im Gegenteil, die halte ich für sehr robust.Wenn man den Verschluss in Einzelteilen reinigt, sollte man nach dem Zusammensetzen des Verschlusses prüfen, ob der Dichtring gut gegen den Auslauf gedrückt wird, es gibt die Möglichkeit den Verschluss ungenau zusammen zu schrauben, dann funktionierts natürlich nicht.Ein Spitzenprodukt wie dieses allein ist noch nicht alles, ich möchte nämlich auch den Kundenservice wohlwollend hervorheben. Nachdem mein Hund den Verschluss des Thermobechers erbeuten konnte und ihn genüsslich zerknabbert hat, stand ich vor einem Problem. Ich wandte mich an den freundlichen Kundenservice und bekam sofort und unkompliziert Hilfe. Mit meinem Ersatzteil ist der Becher wieder einsatzbereit, ich werde mir wohl noch einen zweiten kaufen, denn sobald möchte ich nicht drauf verzichten.\n')
('jan fuller', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant, does exactly what is says.Wife loved mine, got her one now.Great Product.\n')
('Michael K.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHabe einen für meine Frau besorgt, damit sie auf der Arbeit ihren Kaffee länger warm halten und trinken kann. Genau dafür ist der Becher perfekt, denn das tut er. Abzüge gibt's in der b-note da man den Becher nicht in Taschen transportieren darf. Da der Becher aber auf der Arbeit bleibt ist das jetzt nicht so entscheident. Gutes Teil mit nem schniecken aussehen. Top.\n")
('Dominik', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs war in der ersten Woche wirklich eine Freude dieses Produkt gekauft zu haben. Nach gewisser Zeit 3-4 Wochen der Dauer Nutzung, heißt 5 mal die Woche zur Arbeit. - Kein Geschirrspüler würde benutzt -Hat es begonnen an der Flasche abzublättern.Leider ist es dadurch nicht mehr vollwertig.\n')
('Sabine ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar ein Geschenk. Über die Wärme oder auslauf kann ich leider nicht bewerten.Sieht mega aus und unten eine Gummirung das es nicht so leicht umfallen kann.\n')
('Andrew Corbett', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis keeps drinks at seemingly boiling temperature for ages ! U had to take the lid off to cool down in order to drink. Definitely not a complaintUseful for on the side of a rugby / football pitch in sleet.\n')
('Suzy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIdeal for work. Keeps it warm all day and never spills a drop. Very hard working.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good travel mug. Keeps drink hot even after 4 hours.\n')
('aaron', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the colour and the opening mechanism too .\n')
('Sam Stokes', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee super hot for hours, easy to pop the lid with 1 hand meaning it’s great to use while shopping or driving. It looks great too and no spills so far\n')
('Tony', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the second one I have bought as I loved it so much I bought one for a family member\n')
('S A TIFFIN', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps the drinks hot for the first hour but the coffee was not hot in 4 hours.Otherwise very pleased with the style and the spill proof mechanism.\n')
('stuartws', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use, great thermal properties - brilliant product\n')
('mikeyscott', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic product,\n')
('Marta', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best hot mug I have ever bought. Just brilliant\n')
('EB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Kaffeebecher hält sehr lange warm bzw. bei heißen Temperaturen auch sehr lange kalt.\n')
('Mrs M Wilson', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBurnt myself on the first use. Spilled all over my stomach and legs on the train. Agony. When you tip the cup to 90 degrees the flow goes up the sides and burnt my mouth also. Product cannot be completely washed in the microwave and you can’t use a scourge which makes it next to useless for me.\n')
('Mark Rhodes', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nKeeps hot for hours\n')
('Vieni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher hält auf jeden Fall ausgezeichnet das Versprechen, das Getränk lange warm zu halten! Enttäuscht bin ich von der Verarbeitung zu diesem Preis, denn die blaue Farbe in Form einer Folie begann sich schon nach kurzer Zeit abzulösen. Der Becher sieht jetzt nicht mehr schön aus. So richtig auslaufsicher ist er auch nicht. Er sollte in der Handtasche besser nicht umfallen.\n')
('Pen', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThis cup is great on the golf course, just push the lid, no issues trying to open bottles etc.I have had in my bag with no problem of leaking, good item to take anywhere.\n')
('robert d.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good at keeping tea/coffee hot (very hot) for a long time. The down side is the lid, the click down opening stops working properly after 1 month ish. Clicks down, but then tends to stick and not revert to the original position.\n')
('Claire Wu', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDavvero molto bello ed utile. Mantiene il calore per tantissimo tempo. Lo consiglio.\n')
('SM', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy wife brought me one of these for Xmas and we both loved it so much I brought her one.Easy to clean as it comes apart which is a great feature.It keeps our coffee warm for hours when I am travelling in the car or while my wife is at work.Really impressed and it’s the best mug I have ever owned!\n')
('Sven', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEigentlich ein toller Becher, aber das nach 2x Sauber machen die Farbe abblättert geht gar nicht 🤷\u200d♂️ das erste mal das ich bei einem Artikel dieser Marke nicht zufrieden bin. Deshalb geht der Becher zurück. Schade.\n')
('Artur', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält super lange warm und schaut stylisch aus 👍🏻Update nach längerem Gebrauch:Hält immernoch warm, aber die Beschichtung löst sich. Und das nicht nur bei mir, sondern auch bei Bekannten von mir. Mit dem stylischer Aussehen ist es vorbei.\n')
('nabode', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 3 Wochen war der Klickmechanismus defekt, kurz darauf brach der untere Teil der Verschlusskonstruktion komplett und fiel in das Becherinnere. Für den Preis vollkommen inakzeptabel!\n')
('ROGUE RAZEAL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWhat wonderful product. I'm amazed how hot this keeps your drink, so far 4 hours and it was still pippng hot. Really do recommend it, easy to clean, looks good and it really does keep your drinks warm for hours.\n")
('Horst Harke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Thermobecher hält locker den Kaffee für 8 Stunden heiß . Leicht zu reinigen und die Bedienung ist auch einfach , perfekt gute Qualität !\n')
('Trudi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks great and keeps your drink steaming hot for hours. Would highly recommend.\n')
('serey tony', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo prodotto, funzionale! Tiene la temperatura della bevanda ed inoltre è pratico da utilizzare e da pulire!\n')
('Amazon customer ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut und leicht zum reiniegen und er hält sehr lange heiß\n')
('Monika Nau', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe finish look of the product looks great and the build quality is very good.\n')
('Diane J Alalouf', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nThis is the 4th one of these I've brought now. I use the 1st one several times daily, and now 3 other family members regularly use them.  As long as you have remembered to have easily popped the lid closed with a simple press after taking a drink should it get knocked over I've never spilled a drop.  It has a great large size capacity, nice size that's fits perfectly in my cars cup holder (something I've had trouble with with other large travel mugs). The simple one press open and close feature and ability to drink from all around the the rim of the cup makes it ideal for when you want a drink but are maybe concentrating on something else and dont want the distraction of looking for the right part of the cup to drink from.The only suggestion I would make is if you use it for a milky hot drink so that you strip the lid closing mechanism and clean it within a few minutes of finishing your drink or else it tends to build up some slimey drink residue inside where you cant see it until you do take it apart.Overall it's a brilliant travel mug.\n")
('Ranjitha', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks smart and keeps drinks hot for hours - filled with hot tea at 09:30 and it was still hot at 17:00.  A bit fiddly to clean but no big issue.\n')
('Lukas Marcol', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper praktisch! Hält den Inhalt lange heiß! Praktische Reinigung!Bin sehr zufrieden!\n')
('B.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPratica, tiene il caldo quanto indicato ed anche oltre. Spedizione come al solito puntuale\n')
('PeteZ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the sleek slim simple lines of mug design.Easy to access the drink by depressing lid for a natural liquid flow. Can’t believe no one else has thought of this system!!!Have not as yet allowed mug to stay in any position other than upright in my handbag or car mug slot, so can’t comment on any leakage at this point. The sleek design actually makes washing & cleaning mug out much simpler.  I am extremely happy with my purchase & would without hesitation recommend to others.  I have tried a many others designs over the years & have not been as pleased with my purchase until up till now!!\n')
('Verena Carstens', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGayet memnunum!en az 5 saat kahvemi sıcak tutuyor!içmek için yarım saat kapağını açık tutmam gerekecek kadar sıcak!Mükemmel bir ürün . Çok teşekkür ederim!\n')
('Bily ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA brilliant product.  Bought it for my fiance and he his well happy with it. Very good quality.\n')
('Niki', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWonderful, made tea at 7.30 am and was still hot at 10.30am and no leaks.,\n')
('Stephan Rode', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHab den Thermobecher für die Arbeit im Einsatz. Befüll den Becher abend zuvor mit heißem Wasser, Tag darauf in der Früh mit Kaffee. Der Kaffee bleibt mehrere Stunden richtig warm\n')
('Kelly Ennis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIf you make sure its really tight, it doesn't leak.  I had my coffee for 3 hours and was still very hot.  Easy to drink from, easy to hold.  Doesn't burn your hands, like some trave mugs do.  I've bought several by other companies and this is by far my favourite\n")
('Himani Pande', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee hot for hours.\n')
('LM1984', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermosbecher sieht super aus, ist definitiv auslaufsicher und hält richtig lange warm! Wirklich richtig super! Habe den Becher in grün-matt und lila-matt gekauft\n')
('Fiona', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas extremely disappointed as after first cup of coffee the rest goes cold , not good for work .\n')
('mogmog', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant cup. Stays hot for at least 5 hours.\n')
('Ursula Becker', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nallerdings habe ich immer wieder Probleme mit der Klick/Öffnung des Bechers weil er hakt .bei dem Preis bin ich enttäuscht vom Produkt\n')
('Alex', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI work in the community and fill this up before I leave and still warm after 4hrs. Brilliant product\n')
('Digitalia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally loving this mug. Its design in well thought out, simple and it even looks nice. Lovely to handle, keeps my drink hot and I like the push lid to open and close for drinking. I especially like how easy it is to clean as you can take the lid apart to give it a proper wash. It fits nicely in my car cup holders and in the side pocket of my back pack. May buy another one and I highly recommend to others.\n')
('André Fahnenbruck', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält was er verspricht. 👍🏽Ich bin sehr zufrieden.\n')
('Shannon Briggs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIf you preheat the cup/flask be careful as they are so good you will still burn your mouth 2 hours later! Here speaks the voice of experience. They are invaluable with the current situation, and keep stuff hot enough to still drink after a couple of hours (more if you preheat!!)\n')
('harmin bhullar', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery nice mug for work. Keep my coffee warm\n')
('Helena', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this because I love my coffee hot and bought so many cheap cups that were binned I drove for four hours with it the ,last bit of coffee was still roasting hot at the end of the journey ,great product well built so far I would recommend to every who carries a hot drink around\n')
('Simz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDidn't expect this to leak considering the price. I checked it was all together correctly but still leaks. On the plus side, the coffee it leaked was still boiling hot, so great at keeping liquids warm.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr leicht zu reinigen, angenehmes Material, hält super lange warm. Die Produkte sind Top.Bei meinem Becher war die Dichtung gequetscht, weshalb er bei der ersten Benutzung nicht dicht war. Schien, als sei der schon mal benutzt gewesen und wieder zurück geschickt. Aber seitdem ich die Dichtung aus- und wieder eingebaut habe, passt alles. Dicht und warm.\n')
('niloadams', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent.\n')
('Dennis Schappert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch benutze den Thermobecher inzwischen schon einige Wochen fast täglich und muss sagen, ich bin begeistert! Der Becher ist dicht und hält meinen Tee stundenlang warm. Auch das Trinken daraus ist angenehm. Bisher hat er noch keinerlei Gebrauchsspuren oder Kratzer. Bin sehr zufrieden.\n')
('Rafael bohorquez', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCompletely leakproof and fits in cup holders. The top is push down to release which can be done without looking and as there is no specific place to drink from it is superb for in the car. Keeps drinks hot or cold. Best travel mug ever.\n')
('Franki', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Produkt, ist täglich im Gebrauch. Bei einem Serviceanliegen habe ich direkt eine hilfreiche rückmeldung erhalten.Ich bin sehr zufrieden weiter so!\n')
('Sophie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin wunderbarer to-go-Becher:fabelhafte Haptik, sehr stylisch, hält lange heiß/warm und: ist auslaufsicher. Ich im Laufe der  Zeit viele Becher getestet, der hier ist wirklich toll und durch seine schlanke Form passt er gut seitlich in den Rucksack oder auch in die Handtasche.Sehr zu empfehlen!\n')
('Ken Ritung', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGenau das, wonach gesucht wurde. Habe direkt zwei bestellt. Eignet sich hervorragend als Geschenk und hält sowohl im Winter die Getränke heiß als auch im Sommer kalt.\n')
('Becky', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den Thermobecher vor einigen Wochen gekauft und schreibe jetzt erst meine Rezension, da ich ihn erst mal testen wollte.Die Verarbeitung ist einwandfrei. Das Heißgetränk bleibt überaus lange heiß. Und das Beste ist, dass die Trinköffnung wirklich gut funktioniert. Ich habe mich bisher nicht einmal bekleckert oder hatte Angst, dass zu zu viel von der heißen Flüssigkeit in den Mund gelangt.Ein kleinen Makel hat er für mich allerdings schon.Der Becher gleitet mir schon recht schnell aus der Hand. Ich fänd es toll, wenn es einendezenten und elastischen Gummiring dazu gäbe, den man bei Bedarf drüber stulpwn könnte. Ich fände es sehr schade, wenn er mir doch mal auf den Boden fiele und kaputt ging.\n')
('Kingotto', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe das Produkt schon  gut 2 Monate im Einsatz und wasche es mit der Hand aus.  Bis jetzt habe ich keine einzige Beschädigung an der Außenschicht. Mein Kaffee bleibt bis zu 2 h immer heiß in dem Teil.  Leider überlebt der Kaffee nicht länger. Von mir eine Kaufempfehlung.\n')
('Glenys A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFair warning, whatever you put in there will be the same temperature 8 hours later. You will burn your face off if you’re not expecting it. Very good 5 stars\n')
('Tracey', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas t that strong, only had it a few days. Not worth the large price on quality of the item.\n')
('em_bena', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s good\n')
('mythical_beast', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin sehr tolles Produkt! Der Service ist sogar noch besser! Ich würde es wieder kaufen!\n')
('Orangeeliza', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEcht top👌\n')
('Kepsi', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Produkt. Danke!\n')
('Seni', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin super guter Kaffeebecher. Hält das Getränk lang warm und seht sehr elegant aus. Gerne weiter empfehlen!\n')
('Amazon Prime reader 70', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this!! Really wanted one now it’s getting cold 🥶. I was recommended it by a friend who has one. Easy to clean, keeps your drink hot and looks great. I have it in green\n')
('Sarah Woodhead', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSister in law lives this cup. Says it keeps her coffee hot. Please be aware to make sure your drink has cooled a little before drinking.\n')
('Norah', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best travel mug I have had and is very well made. Well worth the money 😁\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWow what a fantastic cupMy daughter bought one first i loved it so much i bought one for myself,the drink in it stayed hot ALLdayI can not go out without my cup !!!Really love it x\n')
('Spw1', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCup works well; leakproof and keeps drinks hot.\n')
('Maus1968', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOptisch gut, Verschluss ist gut zu reinigen da man diesen zerlegen kann.\n')
('Jigs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis mug probably has the best heat keeping ability of any travel mug I've used (almost to the point of an entire star being dropped) keeping the liquid inside hot for hours.However, the one real drawback is the drinking mechanism. Out of the 3 travel mugs I regularly use, this one has the worst drinking mechanism of the lot. If they changed that, this would be a 5* review.\n")
('M. X. Mccarthy', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nI love that you can drink from anywhere on the spout. It's easy to open and keeps it hot for hours.Add to that it looks stylish too.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeping drinks hot, this mug is possibly the best I have had.  But!  I have now had two of them over a period of 12-14 months as there is a cheap bit of plastic in the mug lid that makes it impossible to close the pop-up lid when it breaks.  The same piece has broken in both of my mugs.  If you are happy buying a new mug every 9-12 months, this is a good buy.  Personally, I want my mug took last a bit longer than that.\n')
('Andreas Husemann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir haben zwei dieser Thermobecher gekauft und sind im Großen und Ganzen zufrieden. Bei einem der beiden Deckel klemmt gelegentlich der Mechanismus und man muss mehrmals drauf drücken, bis es öffnet oder schließt, bei dem anderen Deckel funktioniert es einwandfrei. Für Autofahrten haben wir uns mittlerweile andere Thermobecher angeschafft - bei einer Fahrt kam es leider durch eine heftige Bewegung dazu, dass der Inhalt übermäßig auch noch links und rechts am Mund vorbei herausgeschwappt ist und dementsprechend sah hinterher meine Kleidung aus. Aber ansonsten, beispielsweise beim Arbeiten am Schreibtisch, sind der Druckverschluss und die Trinköffnung rundum bequem und praktisch.\n')
('sleipnir720414', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Produkt, cooles DesignBeim Trinken muss man jedoch vorsichtig sein, Getränk läuft auch seitlich beim Mund vorbei, also langsam trinken.\n')
('G.H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Versprechen, dass der Becher mühelos mit nur einem Klick geöffnet werden kann stimmt leider nicht.Der Mechanismus funktioniert leider nicht zuverlässig.Einmal "klicken" zum Öffnen funktionier. Aber der zweite Klick zum Schließen funktioniert nur in den seltensten Fällen. Meistens bleibt der Deckel in der geöffneten Position stecken und schließt sich nicht wieder.Die Idee ist gut, aber wenn man sich auf den Mechanismus nicht verlassen kann, führt das oft zu heißer Flüssigkeit im Becherhalter oder schlimmer noch in der Hand.Keine Empfehlung von mir. Schade....\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung, sehr gutes Produkt.\n')
('Marijelydia', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this for my husband to use when he's at work, I was intrigued by their leakproof status and thought it'd be great for just chucking in his bag without worrying!When it arrived however the lid leaked quite a lot, I enquired with the company and they were extremely helpful in giving me instructions on how to resolve the problem.. When this didn't help they sent me a replacement lid and I've had no issues since!\n")
('Godefroy Petit', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nbrill keeps drinks  warm all day\n')
('Hannes K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe meinem Mann den Thermobecher zu Weihnachten geschenkt. Er ist seitdem fast täglich in gebrauch. Wir sind sehr zufrieden. Der Becher läuft nicht aus und der Kaffee ist über viele viele Stunde heiß. Meinem Mann manchmal sogar zu heiß, so dass noch kalte Milch hinzu muss. Klare Kaufempfehlung!\n')
('mandolino', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNicht allein der Becher überzeugt sondern auch das Team daß hinter dem Produkt steht!\n')
('fraggle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug keeps liquids very hot\n')
('C Ellingham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nUnfortunately the bottle broke just after a month (the cap unscrewed and doesn't work anymore) . I tried to set up a return, but it does not seem to be possible.\n")
('Petra SChulz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFür jeden der ohne Kaffee das Haus nicht verlassen möchte unabdingbar.Hält super dicht und auch sehr lange heiß, sogar noch länger als der Hersteller verspricht.Die Verarbeitung ist wie erwartet hochwertig.\n')
('Andy Holden', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean, never leaks and good size\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher/ läuft nix aus/ hübsches Design/ nachhaltig und umweltfreundlich! Zu empfehlen!!!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nit fits in the cup holders, holds a good amount, IS LEAK PROOF, and KEEPS IT HOT FOR A LONG TIMEI left it in my van for 12 hrs with the lid open (to drink from), the coffee was still luke warm, if you make your drink from a boiling kettle and start to drink 2 hrs after, be careful you dont burn your lips, IT STAYS HOT\n')
('Laura', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product is excellent, it keeps the drink hot for hours even after 8 hours, it was still drinkable hot but not boiling, drinkable I would say, it beats any flash I purchase in the past, well recommended. if you want a hot drink after 8 hours buy this.\n')
('Christopher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUsed this for work as due to Covid we cannot share kettles. Kept nice and warm all day - perfect\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Teil und hält was es verspricht sehr zu empfehlen aber jetzt 1 Jahr im ei Satz und sieht nicht wirklich appetitlich aus aber kaffe bleibt immer noch haus aber durch optisches aussehen kann man sich nicht sehen lassen schade das die Farbe abgeht für so viel geld\n')
('Marry Nürnberger', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop. Bester Thermobecher für mich.\n')
('Anna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin von der Marke 720 sehr überzeugt!Auch dieser Thermosbecher hat mich nicht enttäuscht.Komplett zerlegbar und auslaufsicher, leicht zu öffnen! (trinken wie befüllen)kann ich absolut empfehlen!\n')
('3x3acacia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin sehr zufrieden mit dem Thermobecher, endlich einer der nicht ausläuft. Sehr zu empfehlen.\n')
('Jestram,  Christel ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe nach dem Kaffeebecher von guter Qualität gesucht, der der Kaffee lange Zeit heiß behält. Mir durch sein modernes Design aufgefallener Kaffeebecher ist groß genug (450 ml) und gleichzeitig slim und stylish. Der Hersteller besagt, dass der Becher fünf Stunden heiße Getränke hält. Nach meiner Erfahrung hält der Becher Kaffee guten drei Stunden heiß, nach fünf Stunden war der Kaffee drin lauwarm – das ist ein gutes Ergebnis. Nicht umsonst heiß der Becher „Kaffee To Go“ – passt gut für eine lange Fahrt an die Arbeit (nach Hause). Der Verschluss ist in dem Fall nicht ein Knopf im Zentrum des Deckels, sondern der ganze Deckel. Er wackelt ein wenig beim Draufdrücken, das macht aber nichts. Der Hersteller gibt zwar keine 100% Garantie vom Auslauf beim Kippen der Becher (genau wird es gesagt, dass beim Wiederöffnen nach dem Kippen einige Tropfen auslaufen können), ich konnte bei mir bis jetzt keine Probleme feststellen. Der Preis für den Becher ist leider nicht der günstigster, trotzdem finde ich diesen Kaffeebecher einen guten Kauf zu sein. Ich kann ihn weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Steffen Sablewski', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Nicht zu empfehlen tropfte seitlich hat sich Raumgestaltung das der Deckel innen ist gebrochen habe auseinander gebaut dichtung hält nicht infach sch....\n')
('Liana', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have a cupboard of flasks, travel mugs, hot/cold bottles and all of them at some point leak, don't stay warm or just downright smell when drinking from themI saw the reviews on the 720°DGREE  one online and although thought it was pricey for a travel mug for coffee but went with it.I travel to London frequently and wanted a travel mug that did not leak in my bag and kept drinks hot (coffee in the mornings) and cold (water on the way home)Very impressed - No leaks - you press down the lid and drink from it.  I keep almost burning my mouth as it stays VERY hot.  After a 3 hour trip i still haven't finished 1 mug of coffee so finish it at my desk.  It has a rubber base so no slipping on the desk/table.It keeps so hot i binned the office mug and use this and it means I don't discover a cold cup of coffee i forgot to drink on my desk.I wash it out and fill it with cold water for the 3 hour trip home and normally previous bottles stank and as this is so easy to clean and dry no residual smell.Very happy with the purchase.  Easy to clean, doesn't smell musty after a week in the cupboard (I store with lid off)But best of all no leaks.  I store it standing in my bag but when its fallen over nothing spilled - it would take a very unlucky set of circumstances i think for something to press down on the lid hard enough for it to open.You can drink from any angle on the lid (and not some little hole that you miss and get coffee down you.  I would bewaare - the drinks stay hot, and as you can pour any angle - sip gently.\n")
('Yves-mathieu Tchuisseu', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop Becher halten was versprochen wird.\n')
('Hannah Garbett', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI brought this and I am so glad i spent the money, I did a drink and fell alseep, 8 hours later it was still warm!!! amazing product - if you want a mug that will keep your drink hot for hours then this is it!!!\n')
('John David ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant flask can’t fault it\n')
('Karen Scott', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic travel mug. Practical  and looks good. Srinks seem to keep hot for hours.\n')
('gajan', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't keep liquid warm for long as the top is just plastic so all the heat leaks out.  Also, the paint on the outside starts to come off after a couple of months so the thing just looks shabby too!\n")
('David Jewhurst', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally impressed with this, bought it for work and it’s perfect, keeps hot drinks hot for hours and also keeps cold drinks ice cold and still has the ice in it I put in 6hours earlier!  I bought another one for my daughter.\n')
('Kristina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBestellt und sehr schnell geliefert. Auch der Service kümmert sich super schnell um das Problem. Würde mich wieder für das Produkt entscheiden.\n')
('Emma', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe mug is great. Keeps hot drinks hot for a long time...I actually have to leave the kid off sometimes to cool it down to a drinkable temperature! I would have given this 5 stars...but I bought 2 of these (1 green and 1 blue), and both are peeling. Kind of takes away from the overall experience. The mugs still work, we still use them...but at some point I will have boring old silver travel mugs and until then 2 not so nice looking mugs.\n')
('GARETH Taylor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUpdateI dropped it on concrete once and now it is dented :-(It has also randomly leaked even when ive made sure it was sealed.So not perfect but i do love itHonestly the best  travel mug you can buy!  Keeps drinks HOT for hours on end, leak proof, easy to hold, exterior is cool to the touch but not slippery, easy to slip into a backpack bottle holder pocket and also looks great!!Worth every penny.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReturned to amazon as the pop up top frequent hot stuck. Swapped for a zojirushi which was a bit more expensive but superior. Drinks kept hotter for longer and more ergonomic to use.\n')
('F. C. K.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMeine Frau ist begeistert. Ich vergleich zu ihrem vorherigen Thermobecher hält dieser ihren morgendlichen Kakao über lange Zeit nicht nur warm sondern heiss.Beim ersten Versucht verbrannte sie sich glatt die Zunge, da sie von dem alten Becher gewohnt war, dass der Kakao nur noch lauwarm ist, wenn sie auf der Arbeit ankommt.Die Reinigung ist dank einfach zerlegbarem Deckel ebenfalls gut durchführbar. Lediglich in einer der Dichtungen ist es etwas komplizierter sämtliche Rückstände zu entfernen.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Produkt, stabile Verarbeitung.\n')
('sam', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely colour - well made\n')
('Jan S.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gute Ware ist Auslaufsicher und hält den Kaffee über mehrere Stunden sehr heiß.\n')
('dm0068', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely mug. Was quite excited to start using it (sad I know!) but it leaks when turned upside down. Returning for a refund.\n')
('giovanni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell designed product, simple to use and easy to clean.\n')
('Riverkarann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel cup, delighted to get it delivered In great time\n')
('Carp King', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good product. Use for work and it is leak free and keeps my coffee hot for hours. Design is also very good and the blue mug looks very swish.\n')
('Tracey Hughes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is by far and away the best thermos cup I've ever had. Coffee stays hot for hours if needed and with a narrow body it fits in a standard water bottle holder in a car too.\n")
('Mades', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt kept my drink warm for hours.\n')
('C. REID', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this cup as a Christmas gift so can’t comment as of yet ,looks good and service was excellent so 5stars for now Thank you\n')
('DNWW', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n5 stars really happy so i bought the family one each\n')
('Florian Radler', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Produkt hält, wenn ich vorher heißes Wasser für einige Zeit hineingebe und anschließend den Kaffee, wirklich sehr lange warm (länger als die 6h, die angegeben sind). Jedoch platzt die Farbe außen ab. Muss ehrlich sagen, ich habe sie in die Spülmaschine gegeben, stört mich jedoch nicht. Ich LIEBE diese Flasche, mein Freund ebenfalls. Wir wollen beide dieses Produkt nicht mehr missen. Ebenso möchte ich den Kundendienst loben! Sehr freundlich, schnelle Antwort. Wollt ihr ein gutes Produkt, welches hält, was es verspricht, kauft dieses!\n')
('Todd Trent', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic customer service ! The top of my mug malfunctioned somehow. I emailed the company and received an immediate response. Within days I had received a new replacement lid. Would definitely purchase from this company again. Product is also excellent !\n')
('Sharon Mindak', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop Produkt, schön anzusehen hält über Stunden noch warm, einzig die Reinigung von Hand (nicht spülmaschinen geeignet) ist beim Deckel erschwert.\n')
('Janie Guilbert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHi quality item - well made and durable. Retains heat for a good 3 hours after making a coffee in the morning for the commute. The design is sleak and the lid mechanism works well....just need to make sure it's tightened the right amount to ensure the button can be pressed down correctly to 'open' it. Hasn't leaked at all. Only washed by hand so far and none of the coating has come off - still looks like new after 2 months of use. Very happy with it. I got the grey/bronze one which looks awesome.\n")
('Droceratops', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant travel mug, I have tried a few and this is the best I have had.No leaks, have had this laid at all angles in my bag and not leaked once.I did have a small problem with the coating on the first one I purchased but this was replaced immediately by the extremely helpful customer service team.Drinking mechanism works easily and is easy to clean by hand or in dishwasher.Fits well in my car and van cup holders.Keeps my coffee hot enough for drinking throughout the whole day.Would definitely purchase again if I need more\n')
('Mr. P. Dobson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDelighted with this purchase. Hopefully has durability. A true German Design\n')
('jayne hurworth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExactly what we were looking for, would definitely recommend\n')
('Ezgi K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy zu reinigen.Hält Getränke locker 5 Std heiß. Kalt habe ich nicht getestet.Super Design.\n')
('Elena', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThese flasks are brilliant when they are new. I have had four now and today the third sadly went the same way as the first two. After a while the flask leaks and you burn your hands on the outer case. This is clearly a common problem (75% failure rate so far) and needs to be addressed by the manufacturer. It spoils the best flask on the market as effectively you need to buy a new one every five months. I use my flask everyday so it is used a lot but, you would expect a stainless body to last pretty much forever.In the pictures you can see the pinhole that has developed at the bottom of the flask. It's a shame they have this fault as otherwise they are brilliant.\n")
('Wolfgang Holla', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOptisch ein Highlight, hält was er verspricht,  nämlich Stunden heiß!  Wir sind absolut begeistert.\n')
('Marios Nicolaou', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper kaffeebecher der hält was er verspricht\n')
('Mohammed aljaber', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nExcellent product, easy to use and clean. Would recommend.\n')
('Kritischer Käufer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nİch liebe den Becher. Läuft nicht aus, spart Geld da ich meinen kaffee von Zuhause mitnehme, gut für die Umwelt wegen weniger to Go becher und das Tee trinken macht mir wieder richtig Spaß, weil er heiß bleibt und ich immer wieder dran nippen kann..... Top Produkt\n')
('thomas becker', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfekt für den Kaffee in der früh! Bleibt sehr lange heiß und läuft nicht aus (sogar in der Tasche quer gelegen) - TOP Produkt!\n')
('Emma & Richard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the BEST travel cup I have ever bought, and I have bought a few over the years! It keeps your drink very hot for a long time, whilst being cool to the touch. So no burnt fingers. The top makes it really easy to drink out of whilst being spill proof.I cannot recommend this item highly enough. 10 out of 10 from me. And at a reasonable price too. One very happy customer.\n')
('maggie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a great travel mug. I have been through several and tried then all but this is my favourite so far. Fits each of our car cupholders and also the bottle pockets in the sides of backpacks very well. It is very simple to use. You need to check that you know when it is open or closed before chucking it around as it isn't obvious by looking at it (I'd recommend that for the next phase of product development). Keeps tea and coffee hot for several hours (2-4 i'd say). Great looking product. I got the bare stainless steel version as I'm too lazy to wash by hand so I put this in the dishwasher with no ill effects so far. This replaces a Contigo one which was great but I left it at a sports ground.\n")
('Victoria Blagoe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKept the coffee hot.  Like the design for drinking.\n')
('C', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWe've had other watertight travel mugs before and the drinking spouts have left something to be desired but this actually let's a good flow through so you can enjoy your fine beverage.  It hasn't keep ours at nuclear core temperatures like some reviews seem to indicate but kept it hot enough for about 4-6 hours.  All in all a very good mug.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStays hot all day\n')
('Nadine Tibroni', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\n- praktisch und gut- zur gründlichen Reinigung muss Deckel vollständig auseinander genommen werden\n')
('Londoner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely looking\n')
('Thomas Stoffels', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAls sie ankam war ist total begeistert, schönes Design, auch wenn wenig reinpasst. Aber schon nach 3 Verwendungen, wird es langsam undicht und nach der 4 kann man sie nun garnicht mehr benutzen außer sie wird mit Garantie nur stehen. Es laufen nicht nur ein paar Tropfen raus, sondern ganze Schwälle, so als hätte man den Deckel eben zum trinken geöffnet. Bin total enttäuscht, hab mit der Marke eigentlich immer gute Erfahrungen gemacht, aber so kaufe ich bestimmt nichts mehr von hier !\n')
('Maryann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper kaffeebecher hält extrem lange warm und kalt. Einfach sauber machen lässt er sich auch. Zu 100% zufrieden.\n')
('Kamps-Eh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOptisch sehr schick. Verkratzt aber schnell. Einfach zu bedienen, geht in der Spülmaschine super sauber und hält lange heiß ohne außen heiß zu sein. Beim Einschenken läuft es immer am Becher runter.\n')
('Sarah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is an excellent flask. Does exactly what it says on the tin. Keeps my drink hot for over 5 hours. Definitely recommended.\n')
('EC', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAfter reading the reviews we ordered two of these as our old thermos travel mugs had worn out.  My husband uses his daily and commented that it wasn't as hot as the old one, whilst mine was hot for hours.  I contacted their Customer Service and told them I felt one of the travel mugs was faulty as it was hot on the outside, they replied promptly and told me to order another one and they would reimburse me which they did.  We are now very pleased to have both travel mugs which stay hot for hours. This is a great product and Kaave's customer service is amazing, Thank you so much.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher hält den Inhalt unglaublich lange warm, ist handlich, und sieht zudem noch gut aus! Die Füllmenge ist auch sehr vorteilhaft, da viele Becher nur 0,35l fassen.\n')
('Tigh Rua', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI started using this for travelling, it’s easy to drink from, I don’t have to worry about it leaking and it keeps my coffee warm for a long time.I have also recently started putting cold drinks in and taking it to the beach on warm days which also makes a big difference\n')
('Donal Mac Donncha', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest coffee flask I have ever had. Leak proof. Fantastic. Would recommend.\n')
('SweetCakes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent keeps the coffee warm for hours\n')
('tina87', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEmpfehlenswert. Hält lange warm, läuft nicht aus und liegt gut in der Hand.\n')
('de.nay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Thermobecher ist genau das, was ich gesucht habe: liegt gut in der Hand, das Design und die Farbe sind top und der Becher passt sogar in die Halterung meines Autos! Auf dem Schreibtisch steht der Thermobecher sehr stabil, weil er auf der Unterseite über einen rutschhemmenden Belag verfügt.Am besten gefällt mir an dem Becher, dass ich diesen mit nur einem Klick öffnen und schließen kann und von jeder Seite trinken kann: perfekt!\n')
('Paul Wolf', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhält Kaffee lange heiß, min 5h wenn man den Becher vorher mit heißem Wasser auf temperatur bringt.Merry Christmas @all\n')
('Mariana Esquivel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign finde ich sehr gelungen; endlich mal ein Thermobecher mit großem Volumen; und dennoch passt das Teil in fast jede Tasche; zu reinigen ist der Deckel zwar nicht sonderlich kompliziert, aber bei Kaffee sollte man nicht einfach nur durchspülen, sondern den Deckel auch auseinandernehmen - das kann manchmal etwas lästig sein - deshalb ein Stern Abzug\n')
('Matthias H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKann damit endlich den Kaffee nehmen der mir schmeckt ohne das er ausläuft\n')
('Keith', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNext day after receiving this mug:I prepared my coffee inside this travel mug at 12:25pm, walked 20 mins to work, left the mug in my locker, resumed my shift 1:00pm, had my break at 5:30pm and the coffee burned my lips when I tried to take a sip......couldn’t finish the coffee as it was hot, put it back in my locker to resume my shift, finished 8:00pm and coffee was still warm enough to keep me through the cold evening for my 20 min walk back home......Excellent product\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis leaks after each time you take a sip\n')
('Joe Eamer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOver the years I have had many thermos travel mugs and have never been completely satisfied untill I bought this one. 100% leak proof, easy to drink from with no spillage and keeps its temperature for hours rather than up to an hour. Excellent product and I would highly recommend. Definitely worth the extra money\n')
('MISS K WOODLAND', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product, absolutely love it, would highly recommend :)\n')
('S J', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEs stand die Frage billig zu kaufen oder etwas Geld zu investieren. Wichtig war das der Becher auslaufsicher ist und nicht zu dick ist. Der Becher ist auslaufsicher und nicht zu dick. Er ist eher schlank. Das Design ist so dass es mir gefällt. Geschlossen wirkt der Deckel  etwas wackelig, aber wer ist dicht und es stört nicht. Er passt gut in die Seitenfächer des Rucksackes.\n')
('pauline', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is amazing!!! Keeps coffee warm all day\n')
('HR', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRegalo Apprezzato\n')
('Michael Walker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI am very happy with this travel mug. Arrived in perfect condition, love the colour, easy to dismantle and clean. I wanted to see for how long my tea would stay hot and the mug did not disappoint as after four hours my drink was still piping hot as if I'd just made it. I turned the mug upside to see if my drink would leak, no leakage whatsoever.  I love the non slip base. Well done!\n")
('kerry-lee', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good mug\n')
('Paula', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGetränke halten sehr lange warm , Becher ist auslaufsicher.\n')
('christin külpmann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Design ist zwar ansprechend und die Isolierleistung ganz gut, Schwachpunk ist aber eindeutig der Verschluss im Deckel. Dieser hakt schon nach wenigen Wochen trotz täglicher Reinigung. Außerdem kommen nach dem verschließen noch ein paar Tropfen nach, nicht schön, wenn man Dokumente in der Tasche hat.\n')
('darren b.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps temperature for my coffee and tea. No metal after taste\n')
('Nick', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOttima, ormai ce l'ha da diversi mesi e la uso tutti i giorni e le notti, per avere sempre l'acqua calda a portata di mano. Non ero alla ricerca di  un termos che la tenesse bollente, mi basta che la tenga calda e non la faccia raffreddare e la tiene in temperatura anche tutta la notte. Sistema facile da usare e comodo. Ottimo prodotto.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good. Had a few travel type cups, most leak. This one doesn’t. Neat concept for the open and close/where you drink from, and it works. Keeps drinks hot too!\n')
('PickyGuy', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper\n')
('Toli_', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchneller Versand! Tolles Dedign! Geschmacksneutral! Super ist auch das man den Deckel zum reinigen auseinander nehmen kann!\n')
('Alex K.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHeissgetränk\n')
('Nadine', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher ist wirklich super. Er hält den Kaffee lange warm. Ich würde ihn jederzeit wieder kaufen.\n')
('Danielle', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the BEST travel cup I’ve ever found so I have now bought two more as gifts. It is sleek in design, easy to hold, even easier to drink from thanks to the lid design.It keeps your drink HOT HOT HOT so be careful not to burn your tongue, as after using other travel mugs you won’t be expecting it to be so efficient and piping hot for hours!!!!!!!Love it to bits and the colours are great too. I highly recommend this to anyone that likes their HOT coffee/ tea to go AND wants to save the planet too. Happy 😍\n')
('Cieran ODowd', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this flask, the green colour is so bright - the liquid stays hot for absolute ages ... I have had tea in it for two hours and it’s still warm. It seems to be leak proof .. as long as you have the disc sealed. Drinking from it gets a little getting used to but definitely no plastic taste . Great purchase I think.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally nice and good looking product.Easy to clean,and drink when You drive.\n')
('Christoph Stockheim', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Thermobecher meinem Freund zum Geburtstag geschenkt. Er ist nicht nur von der tollen Farbe sondern auch von der Wärmebeständigkeit sehr begeistert.Am frühen Abend den Tee gemacht und selbst noch mitten in der Nacht in der Nachtschicht ist er mehr als warm.Preis-Leistung also super!Absolute Kaufempfehlung!\n')
('camperr', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung, gute Qualität!\n')
('Mandarina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove this mug - I've been using for iced coffee.  Very stylish and no leaks.  Easy to drink from and to clean\n")
('J. Pingel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält lange warm und läuft nicht aus. Nirgendwo ist beschrieben, dass der Becher nicht Spülmaschinen fest ist.Für diesen Preis hätte ich erwartet das die Lackierung nicht abblättert. Die Info das die Farbe abblättert steht nur in den Kommentaren.Das ist total schade da ich den Becher noch nicht lange habe.\n')
('mev', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent flask Keeps realy hot/warm for at least 6 Hours plus, great for me as im a driver.\n')
('egg', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing I travelled from Nottingham to Sunderland and the coffee was still scolding hot to the last drop best ever\n')
('Breda Mannion', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a good product it keeps drinks / soup piping hot even after 6 hours. The company are amazing ,they have good communications with their customers and it actually feels like they care about the buyer as well as their product. It is delivered when they say it will be delivered. Definitely recommend this product and company. A massive thumbs up\n')
('Max', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ncan relay on it, keeps beverage hot did not try it in summer, i love one hand feature, def worth a go!\n')
('Nicolas-Fabian Rodigas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider nicht zu gebrauchen, läuft aus. Sehr schade.\n')
('T A Thomas', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have a few bottles from this make now.They all stand the test of time, I am a tree surgeon I take them to site every day.Keeps hot for hours!!The water bottle keeps fridge cold even when the bottle is hot to touch from the sun.I can’t recommend these bottles enough.Plus... STOP USING PLASTIC!!!!#savetheturtles\n')
('Rachel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStayed hot for 6 hours, doesn’t leak and just fits my fiat 500 which is great as I’ve bought other types previously and they haven’t fit the holders!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Ware kann zur Reinigung komplett  auseinander geschraubt werden, so dass Kaffeemilchreste keine Fäulnis bilden können. Gut durchdacht.\n')
('Walcar', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon article en terme de fonctionnalite, mais fragile, une simple chute, de pas tres haut, et il est deforme, dommage car excellente isolation thermique\n')
('Sarah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOne of the main reasons I purchased this cup holder was from the reviews about how long hot drinks stayed at a decent drinking temperature. I have been using the cup holder for about 3 days and if I am honest I have not been that impressed with how long it has kept drinks hot. I expected after 2-3 hours for the drink to still be very hot based on the previous reviews but that has not been the case with my cup holder.So if you are wanting a cup holder that can keep drinks hot for most of the day this may not be the best one to purchase? On the positive side, it is a good looking cup holder and it does not leak.\n')
('Luke Mochan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExpensive but brilliant.Keeps my coffee hot for a good few hours, sometimes too hot!!! 😄 Clever lid design,push down to drink, push up to seal and stop spillages. Has not leaked once. I like the fact that you can drink from any part of the topSturdy lid, good quality all round. Seems expensive for a cup but I love it. Highly recommend it, well worth the mini investment.I work in a forest school so I'm outdoors all day and it's perfect for keeping my coffee hot for at least 5 hours.\n")
('BUZZY', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles wunderbar. Allerdings habe ich den Fehler gemacht und den Becher in die Spülmaschine gestellt. Darauf hin ist die Lackierung abgeblättert.\n')
('Travelbug M', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat quality, keeps coffee scorching for a long time. No leakages , very happy!!\n')
('Kerstin', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolut das Geld wert. Arbeite in Werkstatt und da ist es natürlich im Winter recht frisch. Kaffee hält über 1-2h sehr heiss und weitere 1-2h noch gut warm. Absolut empfehlenswert und kein Vergleich zu dem Werbegeschenk-Thermobecher, den ich vorher hatte.\n')
('Susanne X', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs gibt leider nur 1 Stern und den für das Design. Leider hat auch bei mir das Drucksystem des Deckels nicht richtig funktioniert, es war wie eingeklemmt.Die Rücksendung und -erstattung hat super funktioniert.\n')
('Sonja', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFolgend zu diesem Becher, nachdem ich 3 Stück davon hatte:Positiv:1. Super schlankes Design, passt auch in viele engere Auto-Getränkehalter2. Gutes Verschluss-Prinizip3. Hält wirklich sehr lange warmNegativ:1. Der Deckel funktioniert häufig nicht richtig. Nachdem man ihn in die Öffnungsposition gebracht hat, kann man ihn oft nicht mehr schließen. Wer möchte dass das Getränk in der Tasche dann ausrinnt? Abhilfe schafft nur warten bis sich der Deckel irgendwann schließen lässt oder den ganzen Verschluss abschrauben und neu zusammenbauen.2. Die Beschichtung ist höchstempfindlich, wenn der Becher an einem harten Gegenstand reibt geht sofort der Lack ab.Die Positiven Eigenschften haben mich auch trotzt Negativ Punkt 2 bewogen neue Becher zu bestellen – in der Hoffnung einen zu erwischen bei dem der Deckel einwandfrei funktioniert.Leider war ich zu optimistisch – nach 3 Rücksendungen gebe ich die Hoffnung auf und werde mir einen anderen Becher kaufen. Schade.\n')
('Marcus Meister', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHaptik und Optik haben mir zwar sehr gut gefallen.Leider ist das auch schon alles Positive was ich zu dem Thermobecher sagen kann. Beim Auseinanderschrauben hat der Verschluss schon einen sehr wackeligen Eindruck gemacht, nach der Reinigung und erneuten Montage ist mir direkt aufgefallen, dass der Verschluss nicht dicht ist. Auch nach mehreren Versuchen den Verschluss besser einzusetzen, ist nach dem Verschrauben und auf den Kopfdrehen noch Wasser ausgelaufen.Der Fairness halber muss ich zwar erwähnen, dass der Thermobecher nach einem kurzen Augenblick sich selbst verschlossen hat. Allerdings erst nachdem ein ordentlicher Schwung Wasser im Waschbecken gelandet ist.Aufgrund des zuvor beschriebenen Problems ist es mir zum einen leider nicht möglich etwas zur Isolationsfähigkeit des Thermobecher zusagen und zum anderen ist er für mich deshalb auch leider völlig ungeeignet.\n')
('Miss P. M. Bain', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm using it for while and to be honest so far the best travel mug I purchased. Doesn't leak, hold temperature for long time- coffee still hotish after 5 hours. Personally recommend.\n")
('Salmon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wanted a cup that does not spill when walking with friends as I  would normal end up spilling coffee all over my coat.This is great I can walk and move my arms around when talking with out any spills.and my coffee is kept warm for the full walk.\n')
('Javier M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAt last I've found an insulated drinking flask that does not leak. It keeps coffee hot for hours and is great for cold drinks too.  Easy to clean, stylish. The only thing is it's difficult to see if the top is open or shut so it's just a case of remembering. I bought two, the red for me and the green for  a friend.  Very pleased with my purchase.\n")
('Sonia ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAs you can drink from anywhere round the top it is easy to burn yourself and spill hot drink on yourself. Will be buying a different cup for hot drinks\n')
('vanet66', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOltre allo stile la praticità del tappo con apertura a 360 gradi mi hanno veramente stupito.Non ci sono perdite di liquido, la tazza si adatta al portabicchieri della macchina.  Per ora non ho mai smontato il meccanismo e lo lavo in posizione aperta sotto acqua corrente.Se dovessi fare una critica per il prezzo avrei gradito trovare un paio di guarnizioni di ricambio ma in fondo credo che si possano reperire in qualche negozio o on line.Acquisto consigliato\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA great travel mug which keeps liquid hot for hours! Completely leak proof and a beautiful colour.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely brill. There are cheaper makes out there but if you truly want leak proof, this is the one for you. 👍\n')
('hagen_vontronje', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign sehr schön und wie geschrieben hält bis zu 3 Stunden heiß und bis 5-6 Stunden warm. Sehr zu Frieden bisher. Schnelle Lieferung !\n')
('Kallee', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSleek and comfortable to hold. Ideal for taking out and about. Seems totally leak proof. Would be happy to recommend.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nwe use the travel mugs when out and about, especially dog walking, because not always coffee shops available during out tier 3 lock down.  Keeps drink hot for a few hours, my friend uses hers at work, and drinks from it all day as it is still hot 4 hours later.\n')
('Harald B.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir sind absolut begeistert von den Bechern! Halten Tee und Kaffee den ganzen Tag warm! Leicht zu reinigen und sehr stylisch was die Optik angeht!Wir haben dunkelblau und Silber!Gerne jederzeit wieder!\n')
('Karen Biswell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHaving a newborn baby I often make a cup of tea only for it to cold! This was my main reason for wanting a thermal and leak proof cup and this travel mug has definitely delivered. I can make a mug of tea in the morning and sip away at it throughout the day and it’s still the and temperature hours later. If anything I would warn people that it keeps it too hot as I learned by burning my lip the first time I drank from it. I now mix some cold water in or leave it uncovered for a while to let it cool down before putting the lid on. The push button mechanism for opening and closing is very easy to use and I like that I can drink from any angle. When closes it is completely leak proof so I know it will be safe around my bay too. I would highly recommend this product.\n')
('TRNZ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI need something to keep my drink warm whilst on a 3 1/2 hour drives.. (depending on traffic).WOW... I was still drinking this 4 hours later after I arrived.Couldn't drink for the first 2 hours... too hot!! Specially if driving... be warned!! Only started to drink once I kept stopping at roundabouts.In order to help cool down... leave the button open... let's the steam escape. Did this on journey back... finished drink bout 15 mins before home.Very very happy with this purchase. Easy to clean as well. Shows you which way to unscrew..... righty tighty.... lefty looosy.\n")
('Mark Evans', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this keeps my tea warm for hours even at the end of my shift its still warm, would definitely recommend\n')
('richard herbert', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nI bought this to use on my return to the office so that I didn't have to use the communal kitchen. I have only used it once so far, however it fulfilled its duty very well. Perhaps a little too well! I filled up my cup with tea at 7:30am. When I took my first sip in the office at around 2 hours later, it brought tears to my eyes and left me with that fuzzy tongue feeling! I was only in the office until lunchtime so took my drink back home and finished it off around 1:30pm, by which time it was ideal drinking temperature. So it definitely stays hot for 6 hours! I didn't experience any leakage, although I always put flasks of any sort into a carrier bag 'just in case'. There was a little condensation on the inside of the bag but other than that it was fine, even when it fell over in the car. I thought it was a little bit on the expensive side for a big mug but as long as it keeps doing the job, it'll be worth it and I may even buy another.\n")
('Flying lady', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest mug ever, size is perfect and the most important thing to me that the coffee taste doesn’t change with time, so easy to clean.\n')
('Mick', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI ordered a pink one as I liked the colour in the picture,  when it arrived it was dark maroon, nothing like the picture\n')
('Jacqueline B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPrinzipiell eine richtig guter Thermobecher, jedoch gibt es da ein kleines Problem. Wenn man etwas aus dem Becher getrunken hat, kann sich danach eine kleine Menge Flüssigkeit befinden und beim Umstoßen oder umfallen des Bechers auslaufen.Die einfache Reinigung des Bechers sollte man hier noch einmal hervorheben. Die einzelnen Teile des Verschlusses können sich einfach auseinander und wieder zusammen setzen lassen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\n😉👍👍👍\n')
('Nico Zander', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles perfekt\n')
('Andreas E.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst echt der perfekte Kaffeebecher, aber der Lack ist echt nicht robust, nach einem Jahr war vom schwarzen Lack auf meinem Becher fast nichts mehr übrig.\n')
('Karen Heavey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign très bien, étanchéité parfaite. Il faut bien veiller à ne pas poser quelque chose dessus qui risque de l’ouvrir (ouverture par pression). Bon produit que je recommande.\n')
('BWilley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love it. Best purchase of a reusable cup! My coffee stays hot for HOURS, if not all day! It doesn’t leak, it’s slim and easy to carry around. Very good value for money\n')
('M', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHallo, habe diesen Thermobecher nicht einmal eine Woche und habe Ihn gerade mal 3 Mal benutzt. In der Zeit hat sich der Knopf zum auf und zu machen gelöst und somit hat sich der ganze Thermobecher in meiner Tasche entleert. Wäre es eine 08/15 Tasche wäre es kein Problem, aber leider war es meine Micheal Kors Tasche im Wert von 250€. Es kann ja nicht sein das sich der Verschluss durch 3 mal benutzen löst. 🙄\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI work 12hr days on a Covid 19 testing site out side all day in all weathers. This travel mug is simply sensational I fill with black coffee at 06:45am and take sips every now and then. It remains hot and enjoyable beyond 1:30pm when I refill it at lunch time. When I say hot I do mean hot. I have tried many in the same form factor but none have given me great hot drinks many hours after filling. I would with out hesitation recommend this product to any one looking for a great hand held travel mug / flask and the best the absolute best part is you simply push the top down and take a drink from any part and then push the top again and it springs closed. Don’t waste time looking for alternatives it’s exceptional value for money\n')
('Oliver Otto', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar leider von Anfang an undicht was sehr schade war bei dem Preis\n')
('Hmannonline', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDies ist der erste Kaffeebecher, der meinen Tee :) wirklich ganz lange warm hält.Das erste Mal habe ich mich verbrannt, weil er noch kochend heiß war nach 3 Stunden. Nie wieder einen anderen und ich habe schon viele ausprobiert. TOP\n')
('warren', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've been using this product for a week now. Travelling to and from work. No leaks and stays hot for hours!!! Pleasant on the eye too. Excellent speed of delivery. It's great. Highly recommended.\n")
('Jane', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooked cheap and was not big enough, too light, and the design was not good so had to return this product\n')
('anu', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI now have 3 of these mugs  Absolutely fantastic .I had to purchase a third to stop my grand children fighting over the spare one I had.I had an operation on my stomach so I can’t drink a cup full very quickly this mug keeps drink hot for 4 hours no problemVery highly recommended\n')
('Yannick', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist absolut dicht und der Kaffee bleibt sehr lange heiß!\n')
('James Donaldson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt actually keeps your cold drinks cold in hot weather.  I travel a lot and take it in the car.  Not tried hot drink in it yet,but I have all confidence it will keep it hot.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSimple, well constructed design and it keeps my hot drinks hot.\n')
('Sven Bruder', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr sehr guter thermobecher, hält lange warm, zerlegbar zur Reinigung, äußerst wertigDer Beste den ich bisher hatte\n')
('Mark', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFab travel mug, used daily for months. This is my second one as the lid stopped popping on my first after 9 months of constant use. Contacted seller to purchase another lid and they dispatched one free of charge. Excellent customer service! The 360 degree lid takes a wee bit of getting used to and if the lid is put on immediately after filling with boiling water then there is a very slight dribble initially however once you realise that and leave it for a minute before adding the lid, perfect leak proof well insulated mug. Lasts approx 5 hours. Would highly recommend and have bought another two for Christmas gifts.\n')
('Max Hull', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI brought two of these after a family member recommended them and wasn't disappointed. It holds plenty of tea and keeps it warm for hours. The clever lid is easy to use and doesn't leak at all.Would definitely recommend this to anyone\n")
('Uncle Tom', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis was the best travel cup I had ever used! Kept my tea warm for hours (no more cold tea for a new mummy) didn't leak in my buggy cup holder and easy to use one handed whilst pushing my buggy.HOWEVER after having it for a month the blue paint started to chip away. I was devastated! It wasn't cheap and I always hand washed the cup as I don't have a dishwasher so a little unsure why it has happened.\n")
('jk summer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop\n')
('SLIPSTREAM', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for keeping your drinks hot for hours. The lid mechanism is ingenious allowing you to open/drink/close with a simple press of the top button and without removing the lid.Care: you need to dismantle the lid into 3 pieces for cleaning to avoid the internal spring rusting and clogging up. We replaced the lid after a few months and are more diligent with cleaning the new one.\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant cupEasy to use\n')
('Petra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nErfüllt den Zweck. Ist noch nie ausgelaufen. Schöne Farbe. Passt genau beim Auto in das Getränkefach.\n')
('Hakan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher wirkte anfangs ein wenig instabil, nachdem ich aber die Dichtlippe nochmal nachgezogen hatte, war alles fest und absolut dicht. Absolut überrascht hat mich die Isolierung des Bechers. Ich hatte im März eine 24h-Schicht und es war wirklich sehr kalt, meinen Kaffee den ich mir morgens gemacht habe, war Nachts um 3 Uhr immer noch warm! Klar er war nicht mehr wirklich heiß, aber kalt ist auch definitiv etwas anderes. Für mich ist der Becher ein absolutes Top-Produkt für den täglichen Bedarf geworden.\n')
('SC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm a bus driver and this works sooooo well....keeps my black coffee hot for 9 hours, I've had no leaks either and it travels my shift with me....very pleased with this purchase, highly recommended.  I was doubtful of the leak proof aspect as been disappointed with other purchases in the past, tested this and works, enough said,...good quality stainless, no bad tastes,...simple to clean as the lid comes apart and goes back together easily, still no leaks after several uses and cleans....one word of caution, this keeps boiling liquid red hot for ages, sup it wisely....one of my better purchases, well worth the money.\n")
('Borbala Vass Gacsalyi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice product but lid can dribble when initially closed due to trapped liquid. Lid also does not survive a fall onto concrete I discovered quickly so would recommend getting a spare. It is also difficult to see whether the lid is open or closed. In one month I have washed my shoes in hot coffee, turned my rucksack into a small swimming pool (luckily I only filled it with clean water) and have left embarrassing tea puddles in a variety of places. Could really therefore do with something more visible to indicate when the lid is open and even better some kind of lock.  But it keeps drinks hotter than other brands I have used so would buy again: I am already on number 2 thanks to the early concrete incident!!!!!Update having now filled my rucksack with boiling coffee and  stained the chair it was on  which now needs reupholstering  will now only trust this product for careful use on my desk. Downgraded to 3 star as a result.\n')
('Mike Schoenemann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBester Coffee - to - go Becher ever! Weil: wirklich 100%ig auslaufsicher! Und hält tatsächlich einige Stunden heiß, bzw. sehr warm.Absolute Empfehlung, ist die Investion auf jeden Fall wert! :)\n')
('MLF ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery hot tea even after few hours! No leaks and no spills when drinking!\n')
('Tony Taylor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHas no direct spout, therefore when you drink from it it goes all over you if your not very carefulDon't find this comfortable to drink from at all very disappointed. But it looks good and stays hotWould not buy again\n")
('Amyjanelle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch schreibe grundsätzlich keine Rezensionen, hier muss ich allerdings eine Ausnahme machen. Wir haben den Becher schnell bekommen und fanden ihn sofort klasse. Leider stimmte was mit dem Deckel nicht, er schnappte nicht mehr zurück. Habe dann Kontakt mit dem Anbieter aufgenommen, es kam promt eine sehr nette Antwort.  Eine Beschreibung, wie ich den Deckel erstmal vversuchen sollte zu reparieren. Leder hat es nicht geklappt, habe ohne Anstand daraufhin einen neuen Deckel zugeschickt bekommen. Bin begeistert, top. Danke\n')
('Philip linley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop flight travel mug, excellent quality and very well designed. Caution as it keeps drinks very hot for hours, I pour from cup to jug a few times to cool hot drinks if drinking soon, get a spare lid also so you always have one ready. Lid comes completely apart for easy cleaning.\n')
('E. Shahraeeni', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSelbst ohne Deckel bleibt mein Tee mind. 2 heiß. Mit Deckel kann man sich nach 5 Stunden fast noch den M6nd verbrennen. Immer im Rucksack unterwegs, noch nie ausgelaufen.\n')
('C', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWhen drink is hot - the cup is hot from outside. Another thing it is not suitable for car caps holders.. tried different - looks like it is too slim..\n')
('shaun', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCap not that easy to clean\n')
('Mr. Simon Cawse', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm surprised by the reviews, the lid is clunky to use, it gets stuck most of the time. The paint on the thermo is not dishwasher safe (hence the thermo is not), mine has pealed and made a mess with the dishwasher filter. I cannot recommend it.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis worked well for 2 weeks, and then the lid broke. You are supposed to pop it up and down to open / close it, but the mechanism has broken so that (a) once it's popped down, you can't pop it back up again (so everything leaks), and (b) it won't twist into the main cup bit properly, so it sits loosely and everything leaks again. Really disappointed because this is not a cheap travel mug and I expected it to be good quality. I would not recommend this item.\n")
('Mrs. Nadine Futcher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI spent a lot of time reading reviews for travel mugs before I decided on this one and I'm very happy with my choice. I've had a lot of travel mugs over the years and they'd either drip or be very complicated to clean.This travel mug doesn't drip and is so easy to clean.If you're looking for a reliable, good travel mug this is it.The lid comes apart in 3 pieces to clean and very straight forward to do.\n")
('Happy Dad', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat mug, doesn't leak and easy to open/close. Keeps the drink hot for hours.\n")
('CL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOverall happiness primarily because:+  Narrower 6cm diameter base fits my Skoda Octavia II smaller-size drink holders+  simple click open / close – you can drink from 360 degrees around rimDownside / Product improvement Recommendation:- A “maximum fill line” would be helpful. If you overfill, then the click (push down) mechanism is obstructed by the liquid in its’ way.- The opening mechanism is reliant on there being space between it, and the liquid.\n')
('Anja H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider eine komplette Enttäuschung. Erster Einsatz und gleich im bepackten Rucksack ausgelaufen... Der Verschluss lässt sich auch nicht anders einstellen. Somit wandert er ohne das wir jemals daraus ein Getränk genießen konnten in den Müll. Sehr schade, das Design ist ja durchaus ansprechend.\n')
('Clare-Louise', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHave been using it for 3 months. Perfectly insulated and leak proof. I really enjoy sipping through the circular opening for some weird reason. I find it a bit difficult to reach the bottom with a sponge while cleaning it due to its narrow shape.The clicking sound is a bit loud for me and having to constantly open and close the lid on quiet places like the library is a bit weird.\n')
('Browni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop Produkt, schade dass nur der Schraubaufsatz für die Spülmaschine geeignet ist, der Becher selbst aber nicht.\n')
('Das Symbol', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas elegante schnörkellose und zeitlose Design rundet diesen Kaffebecher perfekt ab. Der Becher macht genau was er soll:er hält sehr lange, sehr warmer ist geschmacksneutraler tropft nicht.Was mich absolut begeistert ist dass der Kaffee nach Kaffee und der Thee nach Thee schmeckt,Auswaschen fertig. Absolut neutraler Geschmack beim nächsten befüllen.Ich kann dieses Produkt zu 100% weiterempfehlen - ich habe ihn jetzt circa 10 Monate in gebrauch und bin wirklich sehr zufrieden!\n')
('Darby dame', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a great product for keeping the drink hotter for longer than any others I have tried so far.\n')
('EIKA HILL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHandschmeichelnd. Wohlfühlend. Genießend. Mal kalt, mal warm: wunderbar. Der Kaffee/Wasser/Tee/Trink-Becher ist ab sofort immer "mit".\n')
('Seifenblase', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchöne Farbe, handlich, gut.\n')
('dane', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLieferung erfolgte schnell und problemlos. Der Thermosbecher entspricht auch in (fast) allen Belangen der Beschreibung und den Erwartungen. Einziges Manko: Undicht\n')
('vreny', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat für sein Volumen eine angenehme Größe, anfangs hatte ich Ihn noch in einer Tüte im Rucksack, meine Bedenken wegen auslaufen waren jedoch unbegründet. Mein Becher ist dicht.Die Isolation ist sehr gut, vor dem befüllen heiß ausspülen steigert die Warmhaltezeit.Wegen der negativen Lack-Bewertungen ist meiner blank, sehr gute Wahl.Die Deckelmechanik ist mein einziger Kritikpunkt, die Rückstellung nach dem öffnen ist hin und wieder etwas hackelig.Im ganzen bin ich sehr zufrieden und würde ihn wieder kaufen.\n')
('Georgo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAbsolutely love it. It keeps my coffee warm for hours. So often when I'm working I 'forget' about my hot drink and ended up throwing so many untouched drinks away. Well not any more. Also very easy to clean. Fella has the same one in black. He drives for a living and it's perfect. Fits snuggly in the drinks holder, doesn't tip over at all and once again keeps his drinks warm for hours.\n")
('Alice  Brown', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRegarder pas le prix , ça vaut la peine.\n')
('chris ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this for my morning brew on the way to work in the car. I can confirm when locked there is no spillage and it keeps the contents hot for many hours. Cleaning is easy thanks to the capability to put the lid in the top tray of the dishwasher. I've had other travel mugs before that just don't keep drinks hot and spill even when closed. This is a top product that I would recommend to any family member or friend.\n")
('Coffee ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt leaks\n')
('Kevin A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuality product.\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug is excellent.  Keeps drinks hot for many house. Easy to clean but if you clean body in dishwasher the colour coating will eventually peel. When this happened after 18 months  I just scrubbed off the coating and it looks cool in natural stainless !Cannot recommend this product highly enough.\n')
('yusuf ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought a few leak-proof/stays hot (or cold) travel mugs only to discover the claims are exaggerated. But this mug actually works! Like that the “pop up” top means it’s super convenient for drinking on the go ... but be careful, a hot drink will be as hot as it was made for some considerable time! So, I will fill mine at a drinkable temperature if I want to drink within an hour or so of filling.\n')
('PW', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis mug does exactly as I expected. It keeps my drinks warm for a long period of time. It's spill proof (when the lid is closed of course) and easy to completely clear it. My last mug had a mechanical section in the lid to open/close the lid when drinking (this was a very nice feature) but I couldn't not clean the lid. This mugs lid completely comes apart and can be early cleaned.I like it, I'd recommend it.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have gone through many travel mugs over the years and I must say that this is the best that I have had. I really does keep the content hot (not tried for cold drinks yet) for a long time, it is easy to clean and even easier to operate, not having to worry about where the opening is when taking a drink makes it an all round great purchase.\n')
('Frank Heller', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sogar mehr als 5 Stunden warm.\n')
('Dennis Tausch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Design. Nicht nur 300ml Fassungsvermögen wie die meisten To-Go-Becher. Hält über 12 Stunden warm. Diesen Becher würde ich jederzeit wieder kaufen.\n')
('PMC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeakproof and keeps hot drinks warm. Great.\n')
('John G.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it! Perfect, and keeps my tea lovely and hot!\n')
('Neet', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug kept my coffee hot for over 4hr as I was out walking in snow. Love how easy it is to open up and clean thoroughly\n')
('TWo', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe dieses Produkt jetzt schon 6 Monate oder längere getestet kommen wir zum positiven leicht zu reinigen, schönes wertiges Design und material und hält die Getränke sehr sehr lange warm. Gut fürs Auto. In den Rucksack würde ich es nicht stecken das es sonst aufjedenfall ausläuft wegen dem öffnungssystem. Man verbrennt sich auch sehr sehr stark wie ich spüren durfte wen man ein heißes Getränk reintun und so nach 2 Stunden daraus trinkt.\n')
('Marita Bargholz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe product is very good and keeps the drink warm enough for a long time.The isolation system is very advanced\n')
('Mark Brady', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust wish it could hold more coffee/tea. Not a criticism would just like the same great product but bigger volume.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSome times it leaks when you try to drink from it.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nMuy práctico y fácil de limpiar...\n')
('mrs nicola j Holmes ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps your hot beverage really hot. REALLY hot and all day like no other travel mug! I like my coffee and tea black. The first time I tried it, I burnt my lip. And that was after 2 hours. I now top my drinks up with some cold water and it still keeps hot all day. The lid works well as you don’t have to line up an opening with your mouth, you can drink out of any area along the ridge. However the amount that does come out is wider than a conventional opening and that is why you have to be careful with the temperature. It is completely leak proof when closed, which is brilliant when you have your hands full!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAn excellent and durable travel mug. Looks great, and keeps things hot for hours. Will definitely be buying more for family members.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gute Verarbeitung, sehr gut zu reinigen.Das Getränk ist noch Stunden nach der Zubereitung schön heiß.Kein auslaufen oder verschütten beim Transport, da der Verschluss fest sitzt. Ich kann den Becher nur jedem weiterempfehlen.\n')
('franka zinke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper, dass man den Deckel komplett in seine drei Teile auseinander nehmen kann, sodass man ihn wirklich in jeder Ritze reinigen kann. Allerdings funktioniert bei mir nach 3-4 Monaten der „Klick press“ Verschluss nicht mehr einwandfrei, was nervig ist da man den Deckel komplett abschrauben muss und den Verschluss wieder richten muss.\n')
('Geraldine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHaving used various travel mugs that had been promotional freebies for my husband I really wanted one of my own so started to look. I wanted one without a handle, that would fit in most car cup holders, that was nice to look at, held its temperature (hot or cold) and (because I’m a clean freak) easy to clean properly! This is perfect! I bought it in purple and have used it most days. It keeps my drink piping hot. It is SO easy to clean (so pleasing) and is really easy to pick up and drink from - no handle to worry about and no set hole that the drink comes out of so no need to look to make sure you’re lined up!\n')
('MRS L S', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with my new mug - definitely leak proof even when standing upside down!Also keeps drinks hot for long time, now actually have to add cold water if I want to drink it anytime soon!Happy customer\n')
('chris williams', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to take apart to clean, doesn’t leak and drink is still hot 5hrs later, very good travel mug.\n')
('sandra rapson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps the coffee warm for ages, spot on\n')
('Joanne W.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper. Really good design and keeps coffee hot for hours.\n')
('Dr. Andreas Schmitz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSeine Funktion ist super. Der Becher hält warm/kalt wie beschrieben. Außerdem läuft nichts aus und die Reinigung des Bechers ist aufgrund der Demontage einfach.Einziger Makel ist die Optik: nach einem halben Jahr der Nutzung löst sich die Folierung. Das finde ich sehr schade, da ansonsten alles so gut durchdacht ist.\n')
('Miss H', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am absolutely delighted with this cup. I read the reviews and was sceptical that it would keep drinks piping hot for hours. I was proved wrong. I made coffee in the evening for a 4:00am start and it was the same temperature when I staggered out of bed in the morning as it was when I made it. Love the design, easy to use and absolutely recommend this.\n')
('Petra ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSeid einer Woche nur positive Erfahrungen mit diesem Produkt. Hat bei mir also den Alltagstest bestanden!\n')
('Tomasz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI  really  like  this  mug  as  it  closes  easily  for  my  wife,  who  isn't  very  strong  now,  she  uses  it  for  cold  drinking  water.  it  does  not  leak  when  the  lid  is  closed,  it  is  a  very  good  well  made  product.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nbought it for my partner for our trips out but she whinges that its to hot ! seriously keeps the contents hot for a long long time .\n')
('Lollo 😉', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfekter Begleiter für Vielfahrer.\n')
('Chris H', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have gone through a lot of travel mugs over the years in my job as a train driver and this is the first one that stays hot for a long time. It’s so easy to use and being able to drink from any side is brilliant\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA bit on the pricier side when compared with other travel mugs, however, the push button functionality of the lid is a real bonus. Also it can be thrown in a bag with little worry as the thing is all but leak proof.\n')
('Stretton1', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThis mug does not keep coffee hot by any stretch, wanted it to take to work. 1st time I drank from it all the heat had escaped. Could also feel the heat escape from the wall of the mug as I carried it. I wouldn’t trust this in my bag as the top could be easily triggered!Genuinely shocked at the claims seen in a lot of these reviews!!! It is not leak proof and retains no heat!!\n')
('Fran', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality thermomug !\n')
('Mary', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHällt nach 3 h noch heiß.\n')
('L2NYY', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my second choice of travel mug purchase and unlike the cheaper first buy this one is a brilliant mug that does what is says on the tin. The all round drinking feature is great, it doesn’t leak, the outside stays cool while your beverage stays piping hot for hours and I mean hours. Like me some people may think it’s a bit expensive for a mug but after a lot of umming and arrring I decided to buy it and I have to say in this case it’s money well spent, I wish now it had been my first choice and I could have saved myself the tenner that I wasted on one that was quite frankly useless.\n')
('mick philp', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell designed mug. Keeps my coffee and tea hot and ready to go!\n')
('M. Geiginger', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Kaffee bleibt wirklich über viele Stunden genau so heiß wie er eingefüllt wurde und auslaufsicher ist er auch. Zwar ganz schön teuer aber Thermo stimmt hier mal. Und groß ist er auch.\n')
('Moppel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist nicht nur sehr stylish, sondern auch mit einer tollen Usebility ausgestattet. Die Handhabung und Reinigung ist sehr einfach. Es sind nicht übermäßig viele Teile verbaut und man kann den Deckel (falls er irgendwann mal kaputt gehen sollte) auch einfach einzeln nachkaufen. Der Becker hält sehr lange warm und hat ein tolles Mundstück, sodass man z.B. beim Autofahren nicht erst nach der Öffnung suchen muss.Ich bin sehr zufrieden und der Service vom Hersteller ist einsame Spitze! Hätte nicht gedacht bei einem einfachen Becher so einen tollen Service im Nachgang des Kaufes zu bekommen. Direkter unaufdringlicher Kontakt vom Hersteller, der direkt nach meinem Empfinden gefragt hat.Kurzum: Der perfekte Kauf zu einem guten Preis!Meine Frau möchte auch direkt einen haben.\n')
('Dave9635', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought one of these coffee cups and I was that impressed with how long it keeps your drink hot, ive ordered another one for my wife, 5 hours and it was only just drinkable , temperature wise that is !! Superb.\n')
('John A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBella, comoda, termica , di certo non regalata ma ottimo prodotto\n')
('Ludwig, B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller stylischer Thermobecher\n')
('zimmmi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut\n')
('Stuart Lundy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery Impressed! Keeps the morning coffee very warm for long periods of the day 👍\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good travel mug keeps hot drinks good for hours, use it everyday just bought my second as the last one was getting old!\n')
('Homoud alshahri', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nParfait\n')
('terry battenbough', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve used this most days for approx 40days.Stays boiling hot for hrs absolutely fantastic until the outer colour starter to peel off!!!I have been putting in the dish washer on top shelf but disappointed this has happened.\n')
('Thomas Andreas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Heißgetränk bleibt in dem Thermobecher richtig lange heiß. Er liegt gut in der Hand und lässt sich gut reinigen.\n')
('Emily Merryweather', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrought it to my wife, she normally drink coffee on the car when we drive for long distanceShe said the coffee still hot for more than an hourShe is now planning to buy one for meDiameter is not so big so fits perfectly in the cup holder compartment\n')
('unger werner', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuf der Suche nach einem sozial- und Umweltverträglichen Thermobecher mit guter Isolierleistung stieß ich auf diesen von 720°DGREE.Die Folgenden sind die wenigen Pluspunkte:+ er sieht in Edelstahl gut aus, da kann auch keine Farbe abplatzen+ Reinigung in der Spülmaschine klappt bisher problemlos+ man kann ihn vollständig auseinandernehmenWeswegen er mich NICHT überzeugt:- er ist zu schmal und zu hoch. Klar, er soll universell passen, aber er wankt im Auto-Becherhalter (BMW 1er/F21) bedenklich.- das Volumen/die Flüssigkeitsmenge übersteigt selbst die "Groß"-Auswahl meines Kaffeevollautomaten (Siemens EQ6 Plus Extraklasse) und als Kaffee To Go müsste man im Café immer XL nehmen.- er passt nicht mal annähernd in besagten Kaffeevollautomaten - über 400ml in schlanker Form fordern eben ihren Tribut- das Wesentlichste: er hält nicht heiss!!! Es werden "bis zu 5 Stunden beworben". Jedoch fülle ich heißen Kaffee ein, so ist dieser nach maximal 1 Std nur noch sehr lau warm.Es gibt sicher noch andere Hersteller, die umweltverträgliche Isobecher herstellen, deren Produkte ein besseres Format haben und besser isolieren.Ich rate vom Kauf des 720°DGREE Becher aus o.g. Gründen ab.\n')
('Markus', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Kaffeebecher für unterernährt und leicht zu reinigen.\n')
('Milchbrötchen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält absolut dicht und den Kaffee lange warm. Die 360 Grad-Öffnung funktioniert einwandfrei und noch dazu sieht der Becher super aus und liegt toll in der Hand. Ich bin begeistert, klare Kaufempfehlung :)\n')
('Paul Mcc', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nHad a small problem after getting it send a message to the distributor and a very helpful lady told me how to fix it, vey good travel mug\n')
('Robert Petschow', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJetzt habe ich den Thermobecher knapp über einen Monat lang und er ist komplett undicht. Die Ursache konnte ich einfach nicht ausmachen. Es ist 6:35 Uhr und ich sitze mit komplett mit Kaffee bedeckter Hose und überschwemmtem Rucksack im Zug. Ziemlich ärgerlich. Die Verarbeitung ist super und es sieht einfach cool aus.. aber es ist leider völlig unzuverlässig.\n')
('bikelover', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfekt für unterwegs. Mein Tee bleibt Stundenlang heiß 🤗\n')
('Ian Sterrett', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält gefühlt ewig "Heiss" auf der Arbeit 3 Stunden später immer noch heißen Kafffe.\n')
('J. C. Murphy', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe cup was really good up until 2 months ago when I took it all apart to clean thoroughly. Now even though I have all the parts together it won't close. Such a shame as I used this daily on school runs.\n")
('Jasmine', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally nice quality travel mug. It was a little smaller than expected but actually ideal travel size. Easy to drink from with a push lid. Ideal and fit for purpose. Purchased as a gift. Excellent product and service. Highly recommend - thank you!\n')
('Agnieszka Pacewicz', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product is expensive but it does exactly what it claims to do - keep your drinks hot for ages.  First time I tried it I drank my drink 3 hours after I had made it and it burnt my tongue!\n')
('Miz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nEasy to use. Have purchased to take to work as a hot drink item. Can knock it over and it doesn't spill. Easy to clean. As described and expected. Quick delivery. What more could you want. Very pleased thank you.\n")
('Karen Binney', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon produit\n')
('Ellen Anderson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFits in cup holder and stays warm all day\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAm Anfang gut aber dann löst sich die Beschichtung... Lecker\n')
('mrs l', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nÀ prendre les yeux fermés\n')
('Monsterbande', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe mehrere andere Produkte (Thermo-Trinkflaschen) der Marke und war bisher immer super zufrieden. Außerdem finde ich die Farben super schön und einfach mal besonders.ABER: Dieser Becher ist kein Bißchen auslaufsicher!!!Der Deckel scheint schon beim ersten Ansehen von geringer Qualität, was sich leider bewahrheitet hat. Ich habe ihn 2x  in meinem Rucksack transportiert (stehend -nicht liegend) während ich in die Stadt gegangen bin und beide Male ein Desaster erlebt, das einem Unterwassertransport desselbigen gleichkam.Er geht heute wieder zurück und ich kehre wieder zurück zu meiner üblichen (auch noch günstigeren) Kaffebecher-Marke.\n')
('Simon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLight, easy to drink, comfortable to hold, warm\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher sieht vom Design her sehr gut aus. Ich habe bereits eine Wasserflasche von 720° und bin damit sehr zufrieden. Nicht so mit diesem Thermobecher. Im Foto, das ich angehängt habe, sieht man die sehr unsaubere Lackierung am oberen Rand. Das schlimmere am Becher ist aber der extrem hakelige und unzuverlässige Druckverschluss. Immer wieder bleibt der Druckverschluss hängen, wenn man ihn nach unten drückt. Erst nach viel klopfen, rütteln und drücken kommt der Verschluss wieder nach oben. Sowas kann ich nicht gebrauchen. Der Becher geht leider zurück. Schade!\n')
('Georgeta T.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIf there was one flaw it would be that the coffee stays hot slightly too long.  Other than that, the leak proof function is amazing.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir haben ein Wohnmobil, da passen die im Handel erhältlichen Thermobecher nicht in die vorgesehenen Aussparungen. Die Dgree Becher sind sehr schmal und passen genau. Sehen klasse aus.Fühlen sich gut an. Schnelle Lieferung. Teste sie weiter und werde dann berichten.\n')
('melanie s', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLooks very good and is slimline enough to fit in most holders (Car, train etc)Worth noting it keeps your drink extremely hot for hours. I filled it up at 7.30am and got it out for a drink at 12.30 and it was still burning hot.Worth the cash and the best flask i've had\n")
('H. B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Wärmeleistung ist genial, auch absolut kein Auslaufen\n')
('Mr M Roberts', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best travel mug by far!!\n')
('Sebastian Zander', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider war der erste Becher nicht dicht und die Öffnung klemmte, nun kam der zweite an. Dieser funktioniert bis jetzt einwandfrei, auch wenn ich ihn erst seit zwei Tagen in Benutzung habe und zu anfang skeptisch war, da ich einem Produkt, welches beim ersten Bestellen nicht funktioniert, in der Regel nicht erneut kaufe. Da mein Autohalter allerdings nicht alle Breiten zu lässt, blieb mir kaum eine Wahl.Bis jetzt bin ich zufrieden.Allerdings wird Kaffee aus einem Vollautomaten im Gegensatz zum Wasserkocher-Kaffee recht schnell kühler, was ich persöhnlich sehr begrüße, da ich bereits nach 15 Minuten an dem Becher hänge und beim Auto fahren ist verbrennen eh nicht cool ;)\n')
('Richard Wood', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe Travel Mug is well made, good quality and has a first class finish.  I have used it for the last week since receiving delivery and I am well pleased with the product.  It is leak proof, completely retains a hot temperature to provide a long lasting hot drink. The unusual top, drink opening at the mouth of the mug functions effectively to facilitate drinking, sipping from and when closed forms a leak proof seal that also retains the heat within. The mug in effect replaces the need for a flask since it contains enough liquid to provide 2 large cups of coffee/tea.  Recommended.\n')
('mr', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nA great travel mug in a great colour. The lid comes apart for easy cleaning which has been an issue with other travel mugs. It is fantastic at keeping drinks hot for a long time, I masks my coffee at 8 and its still hot at midday. Excellent value for money and because of this and how good it is, I shall be buying more for the family. Would make a great gift as well.\n')
('Cosmea', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Grün ist leider viel knalliger. Ansonsten ist der becher top und hält was er verspricht\n')
('Joerg V.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZunächst mal ist das Design wirklich gelungen. Das Handling ist auch sehr gut. Jetzt zur Reinigung. Den Becher selber reinige ich von Hand. Funktioniert gut. Den auseinander geschraubten Deckel lasse ich in heißem Wasser ca. 15 Minuten liegen und bewege ihn ab und zu darin. Beim anschließenden Trocknen hat sich ein Fön dabei sehr bewährt. Fehlt noch der Langzeittest. Ich werde berichten.\n')
('Andre K.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGuter Becher! Was mir besonders gefällt: der Deckel lässt sich in 3 Teile auseinander schrauben, dadurch lässt er sich einfacher reinigen.Dafür einfach den Schließmechanismus durchdrücken, und das "Teil" dass zu unterst ist vorsichtig abschrauben. So kriegt mans dann auch wieder zusamnengeschraubt.Klappt bei mir sich nach dem 20. Mal.\n')
('chrisbrowne_', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my third 720 cup, and I can confirm all of the positives from other reviewers - sturdy, leak-free, easy to wash lid, a joy to drink from, fits in cup-holder in car, certainly keeps drinks hot (or cold) 😁. I can also - regretfully - confirm that the coloured ones do lose their outer coloured coating which peels off to leave silver underneath. This time therefore I bought the silver one, hoping that it would avoid the peeling problem. And it does! The outer shell is matte steel, no coating - no peeling. 100% satisfied, recommended product.\n')
('Lloyd Watkin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is by far the best travel mug I’ve ever owned! Not only does is keep my coffee hot but it’s light, nice to hold. Perfect for my hand to fit around it. The lid is nice to drink from too! Extremely happy with this so much so I bought my fussy husband one too and he loves it to x\n')
('D. Kubitza', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher! Der Tee ist auch nach 10 Stunden immer noch sehr warm bis heiß. Absolut auslaufsicher. Super Design. Rund um zu empfehlen. Nachtrag: leider geht die Beschichtung außen ab, daher sieht er nicht mehr schön aus. Aber die Temperatur hält der Becher immer noch perfekt!\n')
('Carol', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThe lid is not easiest to clean but great mug over all\n')
('Agnes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchöner Becher mit einigen Mankos- Farbe (jungle green) deutlich heller als abgebildet, eher türkis.- Mir war vor dem Kauf nicht klar, wie nervig es ist, dass man, wenn der Becher "umkippsicher" sein soll, immer vor UND nach dem Trinken drücken muss. Anders als bei Bechern, wo man während des Trinkens drückt. Leise trinken ohne andere Leute zu nerven ist damit kaum möglich.- am schlimmsten: Der Deckel tropft beim Ablegen. Nach dem Trinken befindet sich immer noch etwas Flüssigkeit in der Deckeloberseite. Ist das Getränk noch zu heiß und man möchte es ein paar MInuten abkühlen lassen, kann man den Deckel nicht ablegen, ohne zu tropfen.\n')
('Struppi', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHab ich meinem Freund geschenkt und er benutzt ihn jeden Tag. Also denke ich, es war ein guter Kauf 🙌🏼\n')
('Melitta Bergemann-Weber', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSieht toll aus und hält lange warm.\n')
('Dove', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nL'eau fuit et c'est dangereux quand c'est chaud\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAusgezeichnetes Produkt!\n')
('lee', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUse it every day for my coffee.  Keeps it warm and the product looks great.  Definitely recommend it!\n')
('Karen C.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing! I was sick of my Chillys cup leaking and this was a fingers crossed purchase as I love how Chillys stays hot. This is better! Fabulous and it looks and feels great too.\n')
('Emma Prasher', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s like it has just been poured even after a couple of hours, best travel mug I’ve ever bought.. I’ve had flasks that don’t hold the heat as good\n')
('Naana', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOne of the best mugs i have had in ages. Absolutely brillinant product. Value for money definately!!\n')
('Janet', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuality product with a great finish.\n')
('Pia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Produkt. Klasse in  Design und Qualität.\n')
('sc193117', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHappy 😊\n')
('Philipp A.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSelbst nach 10 Stunden ist das Getränk noch heiß\n')
('Paul H', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLike it as hot drinks stay hot for hours.The slight dislike is the opening and closing of drinking lid, as it’s a bit hit and miss something. Not a big problem\n')
('NicMic', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin zufrieden. So, wie beschrieben.\n')
('Lisa Jackson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI use this cup when going to work and throughout the day. The heat retention is excellent - I have to be careful when drinking early in the day as the drink remains HOT for the first hour at least. Easy to open, close and drink from (though be careful not to tip it too far as you can drink at any point around the top so could end up spilling it). One of the best things is that the lid mechanism comes apart easily and can be washed in the dishwasher. It is also really easy to reassemble without the issue of the rubber washer not sealing properly causing leaks - a problem with my last flask (Contigo) or the nooks and crannies in the lid that were also an issue. I looked at another Contigo, but this is a much simpler design and definitely keeps drinks hotter for longer. In fact, the rubber cuff on my Contigo split some much that I removed it in the end and after than, it didn't even keep the drink warm for an hour, let alone hot. This flask is cool to the touch but keeps the drink hot without the need for a rubber cuff. Very pleased with this purchase.\n")
('Anna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nvery good\n')
('Nippon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery disappointed with this travel mug. I have had it for only 2 months and always hand washed it as instructed but the plastic coating on the outside has continuously peeled off. It now looks terrible and every time I touch it I have purple plastic bits stuck to my hand. VERY disappointed for such an expensive cup\n')
('lesley ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product! Nuff said.\n')
('Der Fuchs ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach toll\n')
('Brummpa', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin-Klick-Funktion perfekt, wenn man nur eine Hand frei hat. Nutze es als Teekanne, hält Stundenlang frisch gekochten Tee warm. Latte Macchiato war auch sehr lange ohne Deckel im Becher heiß genießbar.Die Reinigung ist etwas aufwendig, da nur per Hand die Reinung empfohlen ist und man eine Flaschenbürste benötigt, wenn man auch Milch im Becher nutzt, da sich ein Milchfilm absetzt.Die Farbe Jungle Green ist leider viel viel heller, eher pastell grün, dennoch schön, hätte aber lieber eine dunkelgrün gehabt...\n')
('LESLEY TRIVETT', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like the way you can unscrew the lid parts to properly clean.The advert doesn’t inform you if dishwasher safe or not. I tried it and can confirm it is not dishwasher safe. It’s stripped the coating.\n')
('Muhammad Hafiz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect!\n')
('Marian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have one myself that was bought as a gift. It's AMAZING!I have to put ice in with my tea in the morning or it's still too hot to drink at the end of the day.Mines is 100% leak proof. I love the design of the pop top. It's easy to unscrew and clean all the parts. Everything about it is awesome. This mug is the future.I raved about it for long enough to persuade myself that it'd be cruel not to get one for my colleague.Hers leaks. Wtf? A cup that costs £20 should not leak. It only leaks hot liquid, doesn't leak cold liquid. I can't explain that. I've had a good look to see if it's screw pieces needing tightened or something, the problem has remained consistent since purchase.If I were an organised person I'd have had it exchanged as it's obviously just a dud piece letting down a great design and a good brand. It's times like this that I miss real shops.\n")
('Asmaa Mohamed Shaboun', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nReally nice flask. I love all the 720 products.I had a blue one but the paint flakes off after about 2 years or regular use. I then bought one in stainless and problem solved.\n')
('cindi shawyer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBoth my wife and I have these mugs and find them first class.  The one we have just purchased was a gift for a friend. She is completely satisfied with the mug.\n')
('SNKO', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Produkt. Vereint gutes Design und Zweckmäßigkeit!\n')
('towei1005', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Coffee Mug von 720 DEGREE ist auf dem Weg zur Arbeit, und im Fahrzeug ein absolutes Must Haven!. Wenn ich morgens gegen 06:30 Uhr meinen Kaffee zubereite und in den Mug fülle dann bleibt er auf jedenfall bis ca. 10:30 Uhr mit abnehmender Füllung noch angenehm Trinkbar sehr warm. Die Einhandbedienung mit der 360 Grad Trinköffnung macht den Kaffeegenuß sehr einfach. Selbst die winzige Restmenge nach dem verschließen ist kaum der Rede Wert. Die Reinigung ist auch für Männer einfach, und täglich realisierbar. Alles im allen ein Top Produkt zu einem fairen Preis.\n')
('B', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI had my eyes on this for a very long time, got it and didn't use it for a while when i did i found out it leaks open or closed ! very upset coz loses the point, can't take it to work now ...and too late to exchange :(\n")
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI absolutely love this, i use it for hot drinks at work, made at 8am still piping hot at lunch time.\n')
('Sally Jollands', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDrinks flow easily, no glugging as good air flow all around and really light weight. Super easy to clean, good size and capacity - have used as a thermos when out walking with my husband, as well as personal cup when it's just me. When properly primed keeps drinks hot (or cold) for hours, in fact I had to start making drinks at drinkable temperatures as it was too efficient! I bought one for my brother too and feedback was also pleasantly surprised how long his drink stayed warm.Only draw back, make sure the lid is in correct closed position as no visible 'open' drinking hole.\n")
('Claudia Siegel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sein Versprechen ... leicht zu reinigen !\n')
('Wolfgang Dormagen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher ist noch nie ausgelaufen und hält den Kaffee sehr lange einfach heiß\n')
('Aliceab1', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa couleur est bellePas de fuite pour la 1 ère utilisation\n')
('K. C', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery pleased with cup. My previous cup did a good job but you couldn’t clean the lid properly as it didn’t come apart. This cup not only keeps the drink hot, you can take the lid apart to clean it and also by a replacement lid if necessary.\n')
('Gogo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMine lasted a week before it became far tooooo hard to press and open..... meaning 2 hands and its the one handed operation (ie driving) i wanted it for! It just didnt go well. Ended up buying Contigo again.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProper insulated mug that is leakproof (provides you check the lid is closed which isn’t obvious) and keeps hot for hours.\n')
('Mr. J. hamflett', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis 720° DGREE travel mug is brilliant. I have tried various makes over the years and none of them totally fitted my requirements. This mug looks good, is simple to clean, fits well in car holder or bag, and regardless of which way it ends up lying in a bag is absolutely leakproof. The important features for me are the inspired pushbutton lid which is easy to use and enables 360° drinking; and the length of time it keeps the coffee hot, for me this has been tested so far to 8 hours. I did a lot of driving over the festive season, and whether sipping serenely in a traffic jam on the motorway, or having the luxury of arriving at a destination with hot coffee of my choice, this travel mug is simply the best. I highly recommend.\n')
('MR S R BOWLES', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe drink cools down after 4 hours not anything different to the normal flask.\n')
('Danny Klein', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch war eigentlich mit dem Becher Top zufrieden. Er tat alles gut was er versprach, bis ich ihn eben aus dem Geschirrspüler nahm und die Folie abgeplatzt war. Dabei wirbt die Firma damit, dass er Geschirrspülerfest ist. Gerne würde ich  ihnen Reklamieren, aber es findet sich kein Kontaktbutton oder ähnliches :(\n')
('Kerri W', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased a few coffee cups to go, but most leaked. This was more than I paid before and i ordered two, one for me and one for the wife. First arrived and worked a treat no leaks and kept the coffee nice n hot for ages. Very pleased with my purchase.\n')
('Jakob K.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach einem halben Jahr geht die schwarze Farbe mit dem Fingernagel ab. Becher war noch nie in der Spülmaschine und wurde von außen nie geschrubb.\n')
('Rachael Atkinson', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA great travel flask/cup and well designed with the press top to open and drink from any edge of the lid.  Other press top or button to open flask/cups you have to have the cup facing the right way to have a drink.Keeps my coffee hot for the time I’m out and about which is usually about 4-5 hours.Easy to clean, where the lid can be taken apart, cleaned and reassembled easily.Would recommend.\n')
('Svitlana', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper stylisch und dabei sefhr praktikabel. Besonders wichtig für mich die einfache Handhabung beim Autofahren!Besonderes Highlight ist die tolle Kundenorientierung des Customer Services : hatte Probleme mit dem Deckel, der mir anstandslos, schnell und auf sehr nette Art & Weise ausgetauscht wurde.Für mich eine nachhaltige Firma, für die Kundenbindung keine leeren Worte sind. Absolute Empfehlung.\n')
('Lydia Schröder', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBestellung, Lieferung alles perfekt gelaufen. Der Becher ist sehr ansprechend vom Design her, Funktionalität ist Top. Ist auch dicht wenn er nicht 100 %ig gerade steht, Kaffee bleibt lange warm. Zur Kaufentscheidung trug auch die BPA- Freiheit bei. Der wegwerfsch... gehört verboten.  Kann ich nur wärmstens weiter empfehlen und den Leuten von 720°- fröhliches Weiterbechern. Frank\n')
('Chris', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält tatsächlich mind.  3h+ heiß, nicht nur warm, hätte ich nicht gedacht.Reinigung geht perfekt, da easy demontierbar\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee hot for hours….. highly recommend\n')
('Tina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nColour flaking off in less than a month. Not fit for sale at even half the price I paid!\n')
('Uvis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic,  love this. Not cheap but worth the price. Use it every day\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe color is fantastic but it strat to peelThe size is perfect but it’s hard to know if it’s locked or unlocked, you need to try just to be sure!\n')
('Mrs M Williamson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOk product\n')
('BlackRain', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps drinks hot or cold for hours, easy to fill and easy to clean, it's a winner.\n")
('Carolyn Power', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSorry but this product isn’t good. Too easy to push lid and it all leaks out. Also not easy to drink from without spilling down shirt. Used twice before putting in bin.\n')
('S Woods', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest Buy in a long time. I can honestly say I’ve enjoyed using this more than other types of flasks I’ve had in the past. It’s a nice drinking experience, same feeling as if drinking from an open mug.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFür die Arbeit perfekt, beschichtete Becher blättern nach der spülmaschine ab\n')
('Iuri', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nall very good. except one small thing, it is so difficult to wash!!! i can deal with using 3 different sizes of brushes to clean it, but, the part with the spring, i have to push so hard that my figure hurts, and use a straw brush to clean the between. i bit disappointed about this, otherwise a really good quality product.\n')
('Uwe Käppel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEndlich ein großer Thermobecher, der warm hält! Würde ihn sofort wieder kaufen!\n')
('JW', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is definitely worth the 5 stars, keeps drinks piping hot for hours poured tea at 8am this morning still piping hot 6 hours later. Recommended\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExcellent best I've used so far keeps the heat in for hrs all day even better if pre warned up\n")
('Toma5OD', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've only had it a few days but I love it already. I got the silver one because I'd read that the paint flakes on the coloured ones. It really doesn't leak, and keeps my morning coffee hot for hours. I'm sure this will go with me everywhere once I'm back at work.\n")
('Familie P.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ging schon nach kurzer Zeit die Farbe an 2 Stellen ab. (Verwendung seit September)\n')
('Tommy Stranack', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGood solid travel mug, holds good volume, absolutely no leaks, lid easy to take apart and clean.Stays hold a very long time, similar to another buyer's feedback, if you make your hot drink and close lid straight away, it will stay too hot to drink, so make sure you let it sit and cool a little before putting lid on other you will have to wait a long time before you can drink, none the less, very happy with this product.\n")
('m mackinnon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI would definitely recommend these cups, we have only used them for hot drinks so far and they kept the coffee really lovely and hot.  They also look really smart and are completely leak proof.  After looking at a lot of alternatives I'm glad we chose these.\n")
('Volker Gerth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was er verspricht und lässt sich sehr gut reinigen. Design find ich persönlich auch sehr gut.\n')
('squivvy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality\n')
('Faehse', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMan muss vorsichtig sein, weil nach 4 Stunden die Temperatur noch so heiß ist wie abgefüllt\n')
('Alexander Höflich', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Produkt ist sehr empfehlenswert. Die gesamte Abwicklung war reibungslos. Nur zu empfehlen.\n')
('Geoffrey Coles', '4,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nLovely travel mug and really easy to use. I love that you can drink from anywhere around the rim. A couple of things - the spring top is a little clunky, but it works. And if you don't drink all the liquid from around the lid then it can jump out unexpectedly. Other than that, it's wonderful.\n")
('MRS M J HOWE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this for my partner to take on long car journeys. It keeps drinks hotter than the usual thermos flask and the fact that you can drink from anywhere round the lid makes it easy to drink from. The only caution I would give is that because it keeps drinks so hot for so long, take care not to burn your mouth!\n')
('Carl alexander', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove it. fill with hot liquid and it stays in the flask and keeps hot. I use it daily and has not let me down. (Apart from me leaving lid open and spilling a little). The seller sent an email which I thought was great. I like the little touches compared to big company, don't care attitude.\n")
('Louise Taylor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for walking with backpack or taking to work. Leakproof and the coffee tasted good unlike in a flask. I’m going to buy the food flask next.\n')
('MG41239', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWunderschöner stilvoller Kaffeebecher. Qualität super :) würde ihn ein weiteres Mal bestellen\n')
('ES', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Becher hält was er verspricht. Er hält wirklich sehr lange warm, man kann super daraus trinken (vorallem beim Autofahren) und stylisch sieht er auch noch aus - was will man mehr\n')
('Dominik O.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\njederzeit wieder\n')
('Lexi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust received yesterday afternoon....  it is the third one of its type (all from different makers/suppliers)  and I am highly delighted with what I have seen.....  I filled it up with boiling water, as I would making my black coffee...  I poured some out after three hours and it was still very hot - too hot to drink.....  Testing for leaks I laid it down and also tipped it upside down and there were no leaks.....  I then thought I would give it another heat retention so I filled it at 11:30 pm and then this morning at 8:30am .....  it was still warm enough to drink....  conclusion not cheap but looks like it will work well for what my requirements.....  BUT one down side...  I ordered two different colours and do not understand why one cost £1 more then the other...\n')
('Z. Green', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy bueno,no queda el sabor ,y mantiene la temperatura tanto caliente como fria durante unas 5h aproximadamente. El botón es muy práctico,lo único que pondria un marcador o algo para saber si el botón está subido o bajado y así saber a simple vista si está abierta o cerrada.\n')
('ypsilon s', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar ein W-Geschenk und es kam super an.\n')
('Desideria Zarnack', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop Ware, hält über stunden die Getränke heiß.\n')
('angmac', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCannot comment on performance as bought for a gift. But it looks great quality. Love the colour and feel and the one touch lid opening. Bought this one because of the  great reviews it had also because it looked nice. Fingers crossed reviews were right! 🤞\n')
('Zobot', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFantastic travel mug. They don't only look good but they are leak proof and keep my coffee warm all day\n")
('E. M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nalles bestens. Hält auch im Winter gut warm.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchon nach kurzer Nutzungsdauer löst sich die Beschichtung!\n')
('Andreas', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Funktion die dieses Produkt erfüllen soll - dicht zu sein und bequem Kaffee, Tee, etc. unterwegs zu trinken - erfüllt diese Kanne definitiv. Jedoch ist die Farbe nach einigen Wochen bereits abgefallen und sieht schrecklich aus. Schade!\n')
('Matrix MG', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMorning Coffee on Train. All previous travel mugs after a time smelled badly. This very clever lid comes apart easy for cleaning. Coffee stays hot, very easy to hold doesn’t leak. In fact ‘Brilliant’\n')
('AMs', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBeen using for everyday now for around 3 weeks.In that time it hasn't leaked once & has always kept the coffee nice & hot.I spend half my day in the office & half working outside or driving so wanted something that would do me for the day which it certainly does. I just make a drink each morning & throw it in my bag without the worry of it leaking & contents are still hot a good 5 or 6 hours later. Very easy to clean too.I would say it doesn't make a good travel cup to drink while driving to work as contents are too hot to drink for the 1st hour but that's exactly what I bought it for to be used throughout the day.£20 isn't slot of money but £20 is quite expensive for a cup but I have to say it's worth every penny.Only downside is that the metallic coating has already started to peel in places other than that great purchase.\n")
('Mrs Louise Standing', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAn excellent thermal mug just remember to close it or it is not leakproof and it is difficult to see when it is open or closed on the valve\n')
('Phia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGrundsätzlich ein sehr gutes Produkt. Jedoch hatte mein Thermobecher leichte optische Schäden, welche für diesen Preis eigentlich nicht passieren dürfen.Natürlich habe ich dies gemeldet aber leider bis heute noch keine Antwort bekommen. Ein sehr schlechter Kundenservice.Daher nur 3 Sterne.Update:Auch die Funktion des Warmhaltens funktioniert nicht wirklich. Nach 3 Stunden ist das Getränk trotz geschlossenem Deckel kalt.Viel zu überteuert!!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI liked this product and I used it for coffee for work\n')
('Tanja', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nShet gut\n')
('Ihre Unterschrift', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer beste Isolierbecher den es gibt. Hab viele unterschiedliche Thermobecher ausprobiert, dieser ist mein Favorit. Preis/Leistung: 100%.\n')
('Katrin', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Mechanik zum Öffnen und Schließen des Deckels klemmt recht häufig. Montiert man die drei Teile des Deckels mit nur leicht erhöhter Handkraft, klemmt der Mechanismus und der Deckel lässt nicht wieder verschließen. Bei zu laschem Anzug kann der Becher auslaufen.  Gleiches gilt, wenn man den gesamten Deckel zu fest auf den Becher schraubt.Nach ca. 6 Monaten in Gebrauch kann ich den Mechanismus gar nicht mehr klemmfrei montieren.Sehr ärgerlich!!! Werde den Becher auf jeden Fall reklammieren.\n')
('Robert Meffert', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDie Flasche ist ein Hingucker und somit, zum Glück auch in Blau, mir Lieb gewonnen.Hatte zuvor von der Marke nur eine normale Trinkflasche, die einfach perfekt war, habe sie leider erst kürzlich verloren und weil Winter war mir diese zugelegt.Für mein Empfinden hält sie sogar zu warm, also sie ist perfekt!\n')
('Monika Klepsch', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFarblich hat er mir sehr gut gefallen und meinen Kaffee auch gut warm gehalten, der dann aber leider in meinen Arbeitsrucksack gelaufen ist...\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ist der Verschluss zum drücken nach zwei Monaten innen gebrochen. jetzt lässt er sich nicht mehr drücken und muss daher immer geöffnet bleiben.\n')
('MMS', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is probably the best travel mug I have ever had. It is absolutely leak - proof and it keeps my drink hot for hours. Even after 6 hours the drink remains warm. I have taken a point out for the easy to clean category, as the inside gets stained by tea and it is not that easy to remove them.Overall verdict : very good travel mug, that I would definitely buy again.\n')
('noe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist super! Er hält was er verspricht.  Nach 6 Stunden ist der Kaffee immer noch heiß. Perfekt weiter so.\n')
('mick', '4,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nForgot how hot this keeps my tea... Almost needed fire brigade to put out the fire in my mouth. Definitely woke me up on my night shift.\n')
('Anne-Marie Parnell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAu top pour boire mon café lors de ma tournée. De 6h à 11h mon café reste chaud et me permet de boire au volant sans danger grâce à son ouverture 360.\n')
('Stephanie Mathern', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood flask. Very efficient. Not the easiest to drink from but an efficient flask and easy to clean\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCompré este vaso por las medidas del ancho, y se ajusta al sitio en el coche, pero el sistema de sellado es nefasto, aun estando cerrado, siempre pierde líquido, en mi caso café.Es muy difícil saber a simple vista si está abierto o cerrado (pruebo a cerrarlo y abrirlo, y en función del ruido y la resistencia, puedo saber si está abierto o no, pero si lo inclinas, ya la has liado.)Incluso el sitio donde apoya la boca para beber es muy poco ergonómico.Los Contigo West Loop le dan mil vueltas, en cuanto a sellado, y a sistema de apertura para beber y orificio para beber.\n')
('Mum of sons', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLol my hubby is used to other mugs letting his coffee go cold. Took 5hrs before he could drink it. He’s so happy. Says it’s the best travel mug ever.\n')
('Susanne Witt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMeine Kollegen fragen mich fast alle wo ich diesen genialen Thermobecher her habe.Habe es dann doch verraten;-)\n')
('S.L.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMai stata così soddisfatta di un prodotto. Costa il giusto per la qualità che da. Termico sul serio, mantiene i liquidi caldi o freddi anche per una giornata intera. Maneggevole e pratica. Soddisfatta moltissimo.\n')
('Mark', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was so delighted with this I have recommended it to multiple people.I use it to make my own coffee ahead of a long train commute.I have genuinely scalded myself c3-4 hours later because it’s still so hotOne day I left my coffee at home 😭 and it was warm enough to be drinkable after work - 12hrs later!The size is great (it’s a large coffee) and it’s nice to drink fromYou need to be a little bit careful when screwing down the lid to get it in the thread right, then it’s easy and very secureIf you over fill it you won’t be able to depress the lid, so it’s good to check that’s all ok before you head outAnd obviously  don’t put it in your bag with heavy things on top of the lid, as it’s one of the press down kindWould buy again I give as a gift. Totally worth the money. I was buying coffee every day before.\n')
('Kratzbürste', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt wasn't properly assembled at first, which made it leak and not close on the first and second use, but after a quick fix it works great now.\n")
('paolo', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely quality and finish.I bought one for a friend who has now bought one for his friend because it doesn’t spill and is the perfect coffee flask. You won’t be disappointed….very good\n')
('Roger or Sally-Anne Miller-Molson', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad less than 6 months and the colour coating has peeled off\n')
('Miss B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant product tested with boiling water when it 1st arrived and over 24hrs later it was still hot\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove everything about this product it keeps my coffee hot for hours!!! Only thing would be it's quite wide to hold for female hands\n")
('Maria-Sandra McFaul', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee hot for hours. Like the one hand touch lid, which doesn’t leak, and comes apart for cleaning, plus it’s a great colour. Very impressed and pleased with this product.\n')
('Poco ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBro the product is faulty even when you’re suppose to clean it after every use the leave stop working and that’s my problem at the moment and I only had it for about 3 weeks.\n')
('Bryn Jones', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove it! Nice to look at,  use and drink from.  Although a little practice needed not to over tip and pour down your front as it comes out all round the lid. Keeps things amazingly hot so get to drink temp when putting in unless you want to drink it 6 hours later 😂. It's an extension of my arm these days!\n")
('Richard Q', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug, keeps the drink really hot. Great size and doesn’t leak. Can’t fault it and would recommend.\n')
('aCl', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery easy to keep clean\n')
('Leon Riemann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIm August habe ich diesen Becher gekauft. Diese Woche ließ sich das Klicksystem des Bechers nicht mehr richtig bedienen und dann löste sich der "Klickdeckel" vom "Schraubdeckel" - ich weiß nicht, wie diese Teile korrekt heißen, aber hoffe, dass jeder mit der Beschreibung etwas anfangen kann.Nun ist die Idee zwar sehr schön, bei einer derart kurzen Halbwertszeit ist der Thermobecher aber nicht wirklich nachhaltig gedacht. Schade!\n')
('Francesco', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHaving tried many travel flasks/mugs in my time from various companies,  this one from 720 is the best in terms of being leak proof, easy to drink from and easy to clean. Plus it looks sleek and fits in standard cup holders in the car. This is the second one I've bought, the first being about 5 years ago which has been used so much that it is now looking a little sorry for itself but still isn't leaking!! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐\n")
('reini', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin Montage Arbeiter und fahre sehe r grosse Strecken zum teil. Dies ist der erste thermobecher der bisher meinen Kaffee wirklich sehr lange heiß (nicht warm) gehalten hat - das war mir sehr wichtig - ebenso das er auslaufsicher ist\n')
('Cetaceo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin sehr zufrieden mit dem Thermobecher. Um ihn zu reinigen lässt er sich leicht und schnell zerlegen, er ist auslaufsicher und hält sehr lange warm.  Es ist auch sehr praktisch, dass von jeder Seite getrunken werden kann. Ich kann diesen thermobecher jedem empfehlen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWow, I am impressed. I was reluctant to buy this at first as the price is a little high but it is honestly worth every penny. So glad I read previous reviews and cannot fault the product. I am a carer and been out since 6am this morning, it is 11:30am and my coffee is still piping hot. Outside is cool to touch, looks aesthetically pleasing, easy to drink out of and definitely doesn’t spill. Super happy with my purchase.\n')
('DST', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher sieht super aus und funktioniert super, für meine Bedürfnisse ideal. Der Verschluss hält dicht. Würde ich jederzeit wieder kaufen.\n')
('ashley coff', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery easy to use. No unintended spills. Keeps cold water cold all day.\n')
('Huhn pascal', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Deckel lässt sich komplett auseinandernehmen und somit leicht reinigen, was wie ich finde gerade bei Kaffee mit Milch wichtig ist.\n')
('Ilja Schulz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFür mich eine ganz klare Kaufempfehlung. Ich brauchte einen Becher der wirklich dicht hält  um ihn die Tasche meines Hoodie ( für kurze Strecken) zu legen, da ich derzeit an Krücken laufen muss und nicht immer jemanden bitten wollte mir die Tassen rum zu tragen.Perfekt,sieht nicht zur super aus, sondern hält  das Getränk auch wie versprochen ,lange heiß.Ich zögerte zunächst wegen dem Preis, habe es aber bisher nicht bereut.Zu reinigen ist er auch sehr schnell und genauso schnell wieder zusammen" geschraubt"Nachtrag nach ausgiebigen testen-> für mich immer noch eine klare Kaufempfehlung\n')
('Verena', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nabsolut zufrieden mit dem Becher. Als Vielfahrer mit 75000 km Fahrleistung im Jahr ist so ein Teil ein Muß. Absolut dicht das Teil, hält stundenlang die Wärme und ist leicht zu reinigen, da sich der Deckel und die Teile zerlegen lassen. Werde mich noch die nächst grössere Version besorgen !Absolute Empfehlung !\n')
('Cristina Ioana Laurentiu', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHave brought this as a Xmas present for my husband as he works outdoors  in all weather conditions . And I’m sure he we’ll be very pleased with it looks a great product\n')
('jackie lloyd', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup. Keeps hot drinks really warm for up to 5 hours.\n')
('Torsten Kuiper', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToll\n')
('Em ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ni would recommend this cup. 😃\n')
('Laura Wauthier', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have had this cup now for a few days and it has had plenty of use. Thoughts are that it fits nicely in my hand neither too big nor small.  it is sturdy, the cap fits very well, doesn't leak and is easy to operate with a click. I like the rubberised base which you don't see from the photos which helps it sit steadily, It also keeps my tea lovely and warm for as long as I need currently. I'm glad I bought this product and look forward to a long period of ownership, if I was asked now I would say I would recommend it and will buy again\n")
('Chris Flack', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis the best and most expensive travel mug I have ever owned.I use it nearly every day. It keeps any drink hot for hours. I have had the odd occasions where I had come home still having some coffee left and still hot and drinkable.The only minor issue is if you don't reassemble the lid correctly after washing. I check it now over the sink after a spill. Out fault, not the products.So would I recommend or buy again, thats easy, YES!\n")
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm on Day 4 with the 720 cup and so far so good. No leaks, no spills, easy to take apart for a daily rinse (and to put back together!), and keeps hot drinks hot - I can fill it up in the morning and it stays hot until lunch.\n")
('Dennis', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält lange warm und war am Anfang super. Ich hab ihn mir wegen dem Design damals im Dezember (also nicht mal ein halbes Jahr her) gekauft. Leider ist er nicht zu 100% auslaufsicher und der Decke lässt sich bei mir nur schwer betätigen. Manchmal auch gar nicht, da muss ich den Becher erst auseinander bauen und wieder zusammenbauen damit der Deckel sich herunterdrücken lässt.Die Abnutzung der Farbe ist wirklich schade. Ja zugegeben ich habe ihn ganz selten mal in die Spülmaschine aber dann bei 50 Grad nur (bis 60 Grad soll laut Hersteller nichts passieren). Dennoch platzt die Farbe extrem ab und das in etwas schwächerer Form auch schon bei Handwäsche.Schade, dass hier das Preis-Leistungsverhältnis nicht stimmt, denn optisch ist er super, umweltfreundlich ist er auch, warm hält er auch super, aber er geht schnell kaputt und ist definitiv nicht auslaufsicher (das ist nur aufgefallen, als Reste nach der Arbeit noch in dem Becher waren und auf dem Heimweg ist der Becher durch eine Kurve umgefallen und der Rest ist ausgelaufen obwohl der Becher geschlossen war) ärgerlich!  Da erwarte ich doch etwas anderes für den Preis.\n')
('Vanessa K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEigentlich handelt es sich um einen schönen praktischen Becher mit vielen Vorteilen, warm bleibt mein Kaffee aber nicht. Sämtliche andere Thermobecher im Haushalt (z. T. Deutlich günstiger) können das um Welten besser!\n')
('Mini ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas great till the seal broke now cup leaked,\n')
('Stefanie L.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWeil uns die 720°DGREE Trinkflasche schon überzeugt hat, haben wir uns gleich noch den Thermobecher gekauft! Top Qualität!!\n')
('louise murphy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this as a present for my husband. It's very good at keeping the liquid hot inside and does not leak, even in a rucksack. He's really happy with the product and I'm rather jealous! It's easy to clean and looks attractive. Would recommend\n")
('maggie langley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHow have I not had this badboy before 🤔 superb...\n')
('by grace alone', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDelivery was prompt. The mug is easy to hold and keeps liquids hot. So far so good.\n')
('Si', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is easy to use and keeps drinks hot for what seems agesGlad I bought it\n')
('Declanmc ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the fact that they are Paraben free.  Keeps our coffee very hot for a long time.  We use them at home so saving on using multiple cups throughout the day.  Cuts down on how often we put the dishwasher on thus saving water and energy.  We boil the kettle fewer times as our 450ml’s lasts longer and stays hot so saving energy there too!  Great buy.\n')
('JOSEPH A JOHNSON', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a birthday gift and they love it. Drinks have been HOT 5hours after first sealing it.\n')
('Unbekannt Anonymus', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Thermosbecher! Ist von außen total kühl, von innen heiß. Sieht sehr edel aus und hält bisher in jeder Position dicht! Ich bin begeistert!\n')
('Ellie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am very happy with it. It really is easy to clean and has a good size\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was looking for a decent thermal mug for a while and certainly found it here . Great quality keeps my drink roasting for ages & my favourite part is it all comes apart for easy cleaning. I'm well happy with it.\n")
('sikt123', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nHandy for my other half as he is a tradesman and travels a lot in his van. Keeps his coffee warm for quite a while. Easy to store and carry and easy to clean later.\n')
('Patrick M. ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nist inzwischen der 2te Becher. Lässt sich sehr gut reinigen, hält sehr lange warm/heiss, ist auslaufsicher. Klare Kaufempfehlung\n')
('2 boys mum', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery nice. It keeps the water hot for 6 hrs.\n')
('thegreatgardini', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBrilliant mug and keeps things super warm or super cool for a very long time. Love the fact it's 360 degree drinking so no trying to line up the opening when driving or similar!  Shame it's not dishwasher proof, but it's pretty easy to dismantle and hand wash.\n")
('Irene ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermosbecher hält heiße Sachen heiß und kalte Sachen kalt. Habe ihn mir gekauft da ich von der selben Firma bereits eine Trinkföasche besitze mit der ich immer sehr zufrieden war und auch immer noch bin.Das Design sieht schick aus und auch bei dauerhafter Nutzung läuft der Becher nicht aus. Klare Kaufempfehlung!\n')
('Tschau', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTOP\n')
('Miss F. Ali', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExcellent product. It's very easy to wash and it keeps your hot drink hot for a long long time!!  Made a coffee at 10am and I was shocked my drink was still hot at 5pm. AMAZING!! Definitely no leaks as well!\n")
('Jane Slater', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my tea hot for hours. Thanks\n')
('Mr. Green', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nHält super warm und ist dicht. Schickes Design sehr zufrieden mit Preis/Leistung.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles top, alles super !!! Für meine Nutzung völlig ausreichend.\n')
('viks', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent functionality, however 25% of the paint has disappeared in 6 months. The stainless steel finish under the paint is actually nicer anyway\n')
('Nadia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought one of these for my husband as he works outside and travels a lot, he loved it so much I’ve since bought two more. We have a 6 week old baby and it keeps my tea hot for hours so no more cold tea when baby decides to have a tantrum as soon as I sit down! I would recommend this to anyone.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps coffee hot. Lid fell apart after being dropped once. Clicked together again but continued to self-dismantle until I threw it in the bin\n')
('Tina', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält meinen Tee Überstunden warm kann ich nur zum Kauf empfehlen 👍👍\n')
('RICHARD MARKHAM', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for work to slip into the side pocket of my backpack.  Like the fact that it is slimmer and longer than some other brands so it fits in the slot nicely, keeping it upright.  I am a teacher and one drink can often last me several hours so this is cup is great because I get to drink my coffee hot even on playground duty.\n')
('SP', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Kaffeebecher für meinen Freund bestellt. Bin selber schon glückliche Besitzerin. Es ist schön, dass man den Deckel sogar auseinanderbauen kann, und alles sich gut reinigen lässt. Die Wärme behält der Becher für einige Stunden, perfekt für lange Schulwege/Arbeitswege.Kann den Kaffeebecher (und v. A. Die Marke) echt weiterempfehlen. Qualität ist top👍🏻\n')
('Ron ', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nExcellent travel mug. Leak proof as described. Very easy to use with push down lid. Liquid stays very hot so suggest when making drinks to put some cold water or cold milk so drinks can be drunk without burning mouth.Would highly recommend and customer service and delivery excellent.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo nunca visto! Es un termo de doble pared tan fino, que pensé que al poner un té muy caliente, se calentaría demasiado el exterior... y no es así, es increíble como con un té casi hirviendo, el exterior se mantiene frío! Y digo frío, porque no se caliente absolutamente nada! De momento sólo lo he probado con té caliente y puedo asegurar que pasadas 6 horas, el té seguía quemando! Tiene un sistema de apertura con un solo dedo muy cómodo. Lo he usado en el coche en un viaje de largo recorrido y encaja perfectamente en el porta-vasos. Tiene una goma en la base que evita que resbale. El exterior es muy agradable al tacto. Muy fácil de limpiar. Me ha gustado tanto que ya he comprado otro para mi mujer. Un producto muy bueno.\n')
('jaikido', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing! First cup I have found that doesn’t leak. And my tea stays hot for ages!\n')
('lee owens', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat flask. Does what it says on the tin. Keeps drink warm, easy to use and maintain.\n')
('tibbly', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery impressed at high quality and no leaks. Looks stylish too!\n')
('Georgina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schnelle und reibungslose Lieferung. Die Becher sind sehr schön und funktional: dicht, einfaches Trinken, der Kaffee bleibt lange warm- Würde ich wieder kaufen/verschenken.\n')
('Sabine Grosse', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOptisch sehr ansprechender Becher, wurde bereits drauf angesprochen, wie edel er doch ist. Leider ein wenig anfällig, hatte schnell den ersten Kratzer in der Farbbeschichtung ohne dass ich bewusst irgendwo gegengestoßen wäre.Der Becher hält sehr lange warm, nach ca. 5h kommt ganz langsam der Wärmeverlust, aber der Inhalt lässt sich locker 6 1/2 Stunden lang bei guter Temperatur trinken. In der 1. Stunde muss man den Deckel für einen Moment auflassen, sonst verbrennt man sich, weil der der Becher die Hitze so gut hält.Bislang hält der Becher gut dicht und lässt sich recht gut reinigen.Alles in allem eine sehr gute Kaufentscheidung und weiterzuempfehlen!\n')
('Stefani Röttger', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange warm\n')
('Kintaone', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält den Kaffee warm und tut was er soll. Da ich sehr viel wert auf Ästhetik lege, finde ich es katastrophal, dass nach zwei bis drei Wochen bereits die Farbe abplatzt. Sowas geht bei einem solchen Preis überhaupt nicht!!! Des weiteren finde ich es völlig unsinnig und unakzeptabel, dass die Firma empfiehlt, dass die Becher per Hand gespühlt werden sollen. Leute wir leben im 21. Jahrhundert! Die Firma sollte den Becher überarbeiten und mal über ihren Qualitätsstandard nachdenken!\n')
('Clare', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is absolutely the best sealed drinks cup I’ve ever had. It doesn’t leak and keeps hot coffee in perfect condition. It’s also slim enough to fit into a coat pocket when dealing with children on playground duty!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFlasche ist undicht. Unterwegs bilden sich Kondenztropfen außerhalb der Flasche. Die unzureichende Anzeichenfunktion des Verschlusses führt leicht dazu das die Flasche leicht geöffnet in bspw. einen Rucksack getan wird.\n')
('Gareth Larkin', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreen tea just poured all over my bag.It doesnt shutWaste of money thought by buying a more expensive one it would be good. It's notJust asked for refund.\n")
('Isolde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher ist super verarbeitet, schickes Design und einfach Handhabung beim Einfüllen, Trinken und gründlichem Reinigen!Toll konzipiert!Für Autofahrer oder Leute, die mit dem Becher in der Hand durch die Stadt laufen oder ÖVM nutzen ist er definitiv geeignet und für diese möchte ich eine klare Kaufempfehlung aussprechen!Für meine Zwecke (er muss auch in Querlage absolut dicht sein, da meine Handtasche groß ist und keine Fächereinteilung hat und ich auch keinen Resttropfen darin vertrage) ist er leider nicht geeignet.Ein bisschen Kippeln verträgt er sicher und zufällig herausschwappen kann auch nichts. Tolles Produkt - Chapeau an den Hersteller und Designer!\n')
('Rayen ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält auch nach dem ersten öffnen dicht, der Kaffee bleibt ca. vier Stunden heiß und ist selbst nach einem ganzen Tag noch lauwarm - Perfekt!\n')
('vroni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTechnisch gut gelöst, leider funktioniert das Coating nicht so gut. Der Lack hat bei allen 4 Bechern nach ca. 4 Monaten begonnen sich abzulösen. Schade!\n')
('James C.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing product. Its just the outer coloured covering that is worrisome cuz its easy to be removed\n')
('Bernhard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKann nicht sein das beim Auswaschen der Lack abgeht. Bin sehr enttäuscht\n')
('Fam. Schmutzer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher hält was er verspricht. Hält mein Getränk lange warm ist dicht und passt auch sehr gut in die Becherhalterung im Auto. Zur Reinigung lässt sich der Verschluss sehr leicht zerlegen. Ich bin zufrieden.\n')
('"lesekoetzi"', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält alles was versprochen wird.\n')
('Mariangela Ajero', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely handy, easy to clean and lovely design. Keeps the drink warm for hours. Would definitely recommend!\n')
('Dirk Ahrens ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHello AllReview after one week of use.Delivery : Shipped by Amazon and was super-fast. Perfect.Price: In this range I'd say all right.Material: Feeling is nice once you touch the travel mug. The outer surface is matte finished. So no chance to slip from you hand. Inside steel. Upper cap is quite easy to use. Leakage is not there. Upper cap can be dismantled very easily. Bottom of the mug is with rubber layered, so slipping on the surface is not present.Performance: I'd say quite nice. I started from my home around 8:00 AM with hot tea inside. I got enough warm tea still around 2:00PM. Ok, it was not hot anymore, but what do you expect, it was warm. Not cold. So, in my opinion it did a good job.I'd recommend this travel mug to my friends for sure.\n")
('Paul Cavan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for hot chocolate or coffee, not suitable for soup\n')
('Yvonne Peters', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach zwei Jahren ist die Feder im Deckel ausgeleiert. Die Flasche ist mir bei leichter Schräglage im Rucksack fast komplett ausgelaufen, obwohl sie nur halb gefüllt war. Im Endeffekt war sie also komplett offen. Einen Bedienfehler kann ich ausschließen, da ich es zweimal kontrolliert habe, ob sie verschlossen ist und dass nichts auf der Flasche liegt. Ersatzdeckel werden nicht angeboten, also kann ich sie nur wegwerfen.\n')
('CB83', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTenuta fantastica, preparo la sera e la mattina è ancora caldo\n')
('Jasmin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher sieht nicht nur wirklich so schick aus, wie auf den Bildern,  er funktioniert auch hervorragend. Habe mir morgens einen Kaffee eingefüllt und mit zur Uni genommen. Selbst nach mehreren Vorlesungen (2-3 Std.) war er noch heiß! Er ist dicht und läuft nicht aus. Trinken fällt leicht und es kommt weder zu wenig, noch zu viel auf einmal raus. Ich bin sehr zufrieden!\n')
('Jennifer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSleek, efficient...easy to clean\n')
('Kelly', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought one each for me and my wife as travel mugs which are the best. Stay hot for most of the working day. Some have said lid sticks. It comes apart to wash. Do it regularly and it won’t stick.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuperb product, quick delivery, great communication with seller! A++++++\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles top, bis auf das abblättern. Und man sieht nicht auf Anhieb ob Trinköffnung offen oder geschlossen ist.\n')
('Nadine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher sieht gut aus und hält warm und kalt. Lieder aber nicht dicht. Wir haben insgesamt 3 verschieden Modelle und davon sind 2 undicht. Der Kundensupport vom Hersteller ist nicht existent, das einzige was bleibt ist die Flasche zurückzusenden und sich eine von einem anderen Hersteller zu kaufen. Was das ganze mit "herausragenden DEUTSCHEN KUNDENSERVICE" und "UNSERER UMWELT ZULIEBE" zu tun hat ist unerklärlich. Das erste gibt es nicht und das mehrfache Hin- und Versenden des Artikels macht es für die Umwelt auch nicht besser. Für das was da an Paketen, Paketband, Polsterung und Diesel drauf geht kann man sehr viele Einwegbecher verwenden. Lieber gleich einen bestellen, der dicht hält, spart Ärger und tut wirklich was für die Umwelt.\n')
('Mr M G Compton', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCleary the best coffee cup on the internet .waiting a month to review and it hasn’t let my wife down once and it’s still hot after 6 hours which she loves .as with two kids you don’t always get the time .10/10\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin voll zufrieden, einzig beim Thema Pflege ist ein es schade, dass nur der Verschluss Spülmaschinenfest ist\n')
('Tool Mad', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like that my coffee stays hot for a long period of time. I dislike the press mechanism, it falls apart and also it gets stuck solid so that you can’t press it down. You have to open up the mechanism in the lid to be able to repress. Annoying.\n')
('Olli One', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAnfangs war ich mit dem Becher sehr zufrieden, aber bereits nach wenigen Wochen hatte ich Probleme mit dem Klicksystem vom Deckel. Dadurch war der Becher nicht mehr 100% auslaufsicher. Letzen Monat ist der Deckel dann komplett auseinander gefallen wodurch der Becher jetzt in weniger als 1 Jahr unbrauchbar wurde. Er wurde nicht unnötig strapaiziert oder benutzt, höchstens 1 - 2 Mal pro Woche. Da hatte ich schon für weniger Geld nachhaltigere und bessere Becher. Schade.\n')
('Wolfgang Okelmann', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst sehr gut\n')
('Annie', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch brauchte einen  grösseren to Go Becher für meinen Tee.Ich habe bereits einen von einer anderen Firma. Für meinen Tee ist der Leider zu klein.Somit habe ich mich für diesen hier entschieden.Ich möchte den Tee aber im Büro gleich trinken , das geht leider nicht, denn der Becher hält den Tee bis zu zwei Stunden heiss. Wirklich heiss.Wer eine wirklich lange Haltbarkeit der Wärme seines Getränk benötigt ist mit diesem Becher gut bedient.Ich werde nach einem anderen To Go Becher ausschau halten.\n')
('Pow99', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy husband was bought one as a gift and I treat myself to one as excellent travel mug keeps coffee hot all day if needed, pleasant to drink from and leakproof.Quality product\n')
('sarah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely love this its keeps my coffee hot all day\n')
('Khilji', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch war zu Anfang von dieser Flasche mega begeistert, ich habe mehrere Produkte der Marke und bin eigentlich überzeugt davon. Sie hält definitiv stundenlang heiß, weiß nicht was andere machen, sie ist dicht und das Trinken daraus geht auch prima.Die ersten 3 Monate nur gelegentlich benutzt, dann die letzten 4 Wochen täglich zur Schule mit Tee.Leider ist der Deckel nun komplett undicht, weil eines der Teile innen gesprungen ist und das obwohl sie sehr pfleglich behandelt wurde, nur mit der Hand ausgewaschen usw.Bei dem Preis und der Marke sehr schade.\n')
('Ut', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper, der Deckel lässt sich sehr gut zerlegen und reinigen. Die Isolation ist gut. Die farbige Beschichtung ist ein Trauerspiel, sieht ja am Anfang schön aus aber nach mäßigen Gebrauch, siehe Fotos.\n')
('justme', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKaffeebecher geht trotz sehr seltenem Gebrauch nach nur 4 Monaten kaputt. Becher schließt nicht mehr und ist dauerhaft undicht.\n')
('Zaf mohammed', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe mug was well packaged in paper and box. It looks well made and sturdy. Its a Christmas present so I'm unable to comment on anything else but on first impressions it looks great!\n")
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOutdoors walking\n')
('Lukas ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat mug, keeps contents hot for hours, easy to use with just a press of the top. Doesn't leak meaning it can be left on its side and super easy to clean. Perfect product for me as I'm a bus driver. Well worth the money.\n")
('Petra', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin tolles Design mit großartiger Funktion. Egal ob Tee oder Kaffee, mit diesem Thermobecher kann man stilsicher auftreten. Das Design ist matt und edel, der Beche ist griffig und läuft auch bei turbulenteren Fahrradfahrern nicht aus .\n')
('Brian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWonderful\n')
('CASL75', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice design and really easy to use, tea stays hot\n')
('Marion Faschingbauer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAm 18.1. gekauft und heute zerfällt der Deckel in alle Einzelteile. Zuvor hatte sich schon die Beschichtung an verschiedenen Stellen gelöst.Für diese kurze Zeit hat er gehalten was er verspricht. Allerdings ist er definitiv zu teuer für so eine kurze Anwendungszeit.\n')
('CHRISJ JONES', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says and keeps your beverage hot. I only use it for tea and it works fine for me.\n')
('R.Gr...', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nViel positives ABER was hilft es wenn die Grundfunktion des Verschluss nicht gegeben ist.Nach 2-3 mal im Gebrauch hakt der Poch-Deckel. Geht leider zurück.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely mug, used for taking to work for break times.  Keeps my coffee hot for 6 hours which is fab.  Love the design and look of the mug, really happy with my purchase, very happy to recommend to others.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product seems very good maybe too goodI burnt my lip as I didn’t think my coffee would be so hot and it blistered . I have emailed the company but yet to have a reply but I need to give them a chance.In summary a good product but you should be aware how hot it keeps the liquid in side I eventually added cold water to my coffee but it was very hot .\n')
('SJ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant. Bought for my daughter who worjs on a building site. Her only complaint is that the drink doesn’t cool down! Perfect and looks great too. Would definitely recommend.\n')
('D. J. Hampshire', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keep hot drink hot upto.6 to 8 hrs,i would recommend this very highly.\n')
('Oli', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchönes Design und hält sehr lange warm. Für das Geld erhält man einen super Kaffeebecher von daher klare Kaufempfehlung. (Ich Empfehle den Becher in Stahloptik da kann die Farbe nicht abplatzen ;-)  )\n')
('CC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes exactly what the advert says. Keeps drinks hot for hours on end. Dropped it once already by accident and is much tougher and durable than other mugs I’ve had in the past. One thing is the pop down lid doesn’t really give that much of a lip to drink from but it’s a minor point in an otherwise fantastic product.\n')
('Rhian', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nI chose this travel mug to be able to fit in the smaller than usual cup holder in my car.  It took a little bit of time to get used to the fact that there is no small drinking hole, its like drinking from a normal cup/ glass. This is actually nice because you don't need to line up the hole to your mouth to drink. I had virtually no spillage once I got used to it. Eben laid it on its side and no spillage. Would not want to put it loose inside a bag as the opening / closing mechanism has no clip so the plunger possible could get accidentally pressed. I was very impressed with how long it kept cold and hot drinks at the required temperature.Overall -  impressed.\n")
('supusch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe mittlerweile 2 Thermobecher gekauft, denn sie sind wirklich sehr gut. Kann ich nur weiterempfehlen!\n')
('Mirko neumann', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält den Kaffee schön warm\n')
('HVD2012', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist einfach toll! Der Kaffee schmeckt und bleibt Richtig lange warm! Zudem ist der Becher auch dicht! Außerdem sieht der Becher spitze aus und fühlt sich gut an! Ich bin begeistert! Der Becher ist seinen Preis auf jeden Fall wert!\n')
('Stefan Müller', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gutes Produkt, allerdings nach einem Sturz aus max. 1m Höhe runter gestürzt, war sofort kaputt. Ich finde es persönlich für den Preis sehr schwach.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchönes und praktisch Becher\n')
('Ka-wai Liu', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks great. Easy to operate the lid for drinking. Keeps the drink piping hot. Fits easily into side pocket of rucksack or even just place into briefcase as it really is leak proof. I accidentally dropped mine on a crowded train and was delighted that not a drop of its content - latte coffee - was spilt. I have bought  half a dozen travel mugs over the years and this is the best by far. Well worth the price.I have now had this marvellous travel mug for a couple of weeks and am still very impressed. I filled it with tea at 07.00 today and it is still pleasantly warm 11 hours later! Fantastic thermal quality\n')
('Kona123', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält dicht- bestellt aber besser direkt den Edelstahlbecher. Die Farbe geht super schnell ab. Sie nicht so schön aus und die Lackpartikel überall rumfliegen zu haben, kann auch nicht gesund sein.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEndlich mal ein Kaffebecher wo nicht überall Kaffee rauskommt ausser aus dem dafür vorgesehenen Loch. Ein Kaffeebecher aus dem man einfach mal seinen Kaffee auf dem Weg zur Arbeit geniessen kann und sich nicht morgens schon mit Kaffee vollsaut. Auch wenn er etwas teurer ist bin ich dennoch froh mich für dieses Produkt endschieden zu haben, der Becher ist sein Geld auf jedenfall wert.\n')
('N. B-R.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch verwende den Becher täglich für Kaffee und Tee. Ich bin begeistert! Der Becher hält komplett dicht und nimmt absolut keine unangenehmen Geschmäcker von z.B. Pfefferminztee an.Der erste Becher von dem ich so begeistert bin!\n')
('Daniela Weckel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr verspricht  seine guten Sachen. Er hält warme Getränke sehr lange\n')
('Hazy52', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this for my wife. She is on the go all day and uses her van as her office. Other travel mugs have been ok but by mud morning the contents are cooling rapidly. Apart from loving the bright vibrant colour, my wife also reported that she burnt her lip- her old mug would have rendered the contents tepid at that point of the day, this one though, it was almost at freshly made temperature. I will be interested to see how the lid mechanism holds up under constant use, but on first impressions and use this is a great mug.\n')
('C.B', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot or cold for hours excellent quality and easy to clean.\n')
('Joanne', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI absolutely love this travel mug!Not only is it a lovely colour, pleasantly smooth to the touch, but it kept my coffee warm after 6 hours!\n')
('SaraAra', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic with a hectic job my drinks just go cold, my first cup of tea lasted 4hrs and was still just as hot, brilliant my Best Buy yet!!\n')
('IAC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThese are the worst travel mugs I have bought.When you drink from it and then close the lid and tilt it some leaks out.Half the time the lids don't pop as they should.... they'll go down but won't come up again.If you put a hot drink in then the steam pressure builds up and its hard to press down.The only good thing is they fit in the car cup holders.Definitely not worth the money!\n")
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAwesome for backpacking, it keeps water cold and coffee hot for hours! The lid DOESN'T LEAK at all!! It's also lightweight and tucks easily into an outside pocket.\n")
('Mickeylee Harborne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMy wife bought this and uses it for her job. Coffee made at 8am is still nicely hot at 11am - she's very happy.\n")
('Macker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps warm drinks warm for hours.  Perfect!\n')
('frederic gauvin', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo único bueno que tiene este producto es, que es bonito, por lo demás no cumple en nada. Se ha oxidado y no cierra bien. 👎👎👎\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug. Very handy and keeps my coffee hot until I reach work (1.15 commute)Very pleased with product and quality.\n')
('A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinwandfrei 👍\n')
('Mr K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerforms well & looks decent. I’ve given 4 stars as I’m not sure if the lid is fully leak proof though Upside-down in a motorbike bag!\n')
('Nawara', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use, kept my coffee pipping hot, my only criticism is that a few hours after making the coffee , not realising how hot it would still be, I merrily tipped it as I sipped and burnt my tongue, so be careful on the first few sips\n')
('Aimie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEl termo de momento es alucinante conserva muy bien la temperatura, esperemos que siga siendo así de bueno con el tiempo, pero por ahora es todo lo que puedo decir.\n')
('Tareq Hlale', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch wollte einen Thermobecher für unterwegs, einen, den man auch mit einer Hand bedienen kann. Einen der nicht ausläuft, lange warm hält und auch in die Tasche passt. Diesen habe ich mit dem 720° Becher gefunden. Schönes Design, leicht zu händeln, praktisch und funktionell. Selbst die Reinigung ist kinderleicht, Spüli auf, Becher auseinander geschraubt rein und fertig. Auch nach einem halben Jahr, hat er keine Risse in der Farbe oder ähnliches, dabei benutzte ich ihn fast täglich. Würde ich immer wieder kaufen und auch verschenken..\n')
('Cindy Balke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin super begeistert von dem Thermobecher. Er hat die perfekte Größe und und das Design ist super chic. Der Becher hält dicht und extrem lange heiß, im Vergleich zu anderen Bechern. Ich habe mir bei der ersten Benutzung erstmal die Zunge verbrannt, weil ich nicht mit so heißem Kaffee gerechnet habe.\n')
('Bussy PaulT', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood travel mugs, keeps my herbal tea warm for hours.\n')
('Giurgi Claudiu', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher ist zu 100 Prozent auslaufsicher hält sehr lange warm leicht zu reinigen und dürfen Outdoor Bereich sehr robust.Ich bin sehr zufrieden und kann das Produkt nur weiterempfehlen\n')
('Luca Spiri', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIl pacco è arrivato puntualissimo, ben confezionato.La borraccia termica è termica... il calore permane per diverse ore; avevo già preso una borraccia da litro della stessa marca. Garanzia assoluta visto le caratteristiche di quella precedente. Consigliatissima\n')
('Max', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ging die Farbe nach paar mal reinigen ab.... deshalb punkte Abzug. Ansonsten ideal für unterwegs\n')
('L. B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe leider ein Problem, meine 720 degree bottle läuft aus wenn man sie kippt und sie eigentlich dicht sein sollte. Gibt es da einen Trick oben am Deckel oder könnte ich diese noch umtauschen? War sehr zufrieden und kann mir nicht erklären, wieso es nun ausläuft.\n')
('Nathalie', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this for my son as it said leak proof.  It's not and as a result I have to buy him a new laptop and he has lost all his school work.\n")
('MR A O CLARKE', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best travel mug I have ever owed and despite looking slim, it holds more than I’m used to\n')
('O. Friedrichs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Handhabung ist leider nicht so gut. Drücken des Verschlusses schwierig.Nicht Spülmaschinen-geeignet\n')
('joanne davies', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean as sip part unscrew’s so no build up of drink residue\n')
('Graham Mitchell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought two as gifts and after a lot of research chose this product.  Beautiful colours and good design.  The feed back from the recipients has been very favourable on particular the length of time it keeps the contents hot.\n')
('Stephen Wilson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s easy to use easy to clean\n')
('Elsbeth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDen Becher habe ich verschenkt. Er kam sehr gut an und war im Dauergebrauch. Nun ist der meinem Mann aus ca 1,50 m Höhe runtergefallen und lässt sich nicht mehr schließen. Fazit bei standardmäßigen Gebrauch ein Traum nur bitte nicht runter werfen.:(\n')
('Johannes Kaspar', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBe aware: Coffee remain very hot after several hours!\n')
('Chuxified', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps your drink hot all day. I’m getting another one.\n')
('Gemma_Lou', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm taking for the beach for coffee after the swimming\n")
('Kechler', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir sind super zufrieden. Halt jedes Heißgetränk länger als 5 Std. heiß\n')
('Lisa milne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had been looking for a new travel mug for quite a while, having tried a few which were not up to the job, either leaking, or not able to keep the drink hot for more than 30 minutes, I discovered this mug.I am out on the road 2-3 days per week and enjoy having hot drinks on the way.I am delighted with this mug, the colour is very deep and beautiful. I have used it several times and the drinks are kept hot for hours. In fact, I have worked out if my drive is less than 3 hours, I need to leave the lid off for 10 minutes after making my tea, this allows the drink to cool down sufficiently to drink on the go.The top works very well, it is easy to press down to allow liquid to be consumed without spilling, I have also tested the leakproof claim and it is true when the lid is sealed it is leakproof.I would highly recommend this product, it sits well in the car drink holder, easy to grab and use in the car. Best travel mug to date!\n')
('alan wall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOne of the best mugs I've used. keeps my morning coffee warm\\hot until Lunchtime and way after.Nice to find a product on Amazon that stands up to the hype!\n")
('Susie Sunshine', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug it keeps my coffee hot and never leaks\n')
('Cl', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach nur ein perfekter Kaffeebecher, sehr gut verarbeitet, schickes Design und hält was er verspicht!!! 100% Dicht und hält den Kaffee unfassbar lange Heiß! Top Produkt, kann ich nur weiterempfehlen!!!\n')
('Mr. Shoemaker', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nWirklich sehr auslaufsicher und eigentlich leicht zu reinigen. Allerdings sieht er nach 3 Monaten trotz Einhaltung der Reinigungsempfehlungen so aus. Leider reagiert der Kundenservice auch nicht. Schade. Ich hätte gerne eine bessere Rezension geschrieben.\n')
('Andre Noack', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKleine Mengen in Thermosgefäßen sind logischerweise nicht so lange warm wie ein Liter\n')
('Maria Archer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent best I have ever had thus far\n')
('Ginger', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for leak proof, nice to drink from if you like cold tea!! Didn’t keep tea hot for more than about 1 hour. Not good enough.\n')
('barbara blendien', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin super zufrieden mit dem thermobecher. Die Wärme hält sehr lang, tolles design und fühlt sich qualitativ sehr hochwertig an.\n')
('Alan P', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI purchased this travel mug to use in my car as I had some problems with leaks from another brand. The 720 degree mug appears to be completely leak proof and it is easy to use as you can drink from whichever part of the mug is convenient. I like the fact that you can dismantle the stopper to clean the mug properly. I am very pleased with my purchase.\n')
('Tanja Weiß', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe lange nach einem qualitativ hochwertigen BPA freien Thermobecher gesucht. Mit dem von 720dgree bin ich fündig geworden! Der Deckel lässt sich in 3 Einzelteile zerlegen und somit hygienischer reinigen als manch andere. Die Größe ist m.E. optimal. Mein Tee ist auch nach Stunden noch schön heiß, daher ein großen Pluspunkt für die Anwendung draußen. Lediglich zu bemängeln ist der Farbabrieb am Deckelübergang, bei sehr häufiger Anwendung (fast täglich).\n')
('Racka', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schöner Becher. Leider hält er bei weiten nicht, was der Hersteller verspricht. Von heiß nach lau vergehen noch nicht einmal 1,5 Stunden. Für mich im Aussendienst eher unbrauchbar und für meine Vorliebe für heißen Kaffee frustrierend. Sieht aber gut aus und geht zukünftig als Becher für kalte Getränke an mein MTB. Für heißen Kaffee lieber ein anderen kaufen.\n')
('Patsy ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally great product.  It keeps hot drinks hot for hours. Completely leak proof.\n')
('Mr D', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a great product, but the lid does sometimes press open if it is in a bag . On the whole I would recommend it to others .\n')
('Lesekatze', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExtrem handlich und trotzdem genügen Füllungsvermögen, sieht echt schön aus, ist einfach zu bedienen und hält alles ein was er verspricht\n')
('Leon Mensch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Becher hat einen stolzen Preis und verspricht viel.Anfangs war meine Freundin und ich auch total begeistert, immerhin hält er wahnsinnig lange warm für die Arbeit oder sonstige Aktivitäten.Nach ca 3 Monaten ging der "Verschluss" nicht mehr richtig.Man öffnet den Becher durch das Drücken nach unten und es klappt nicht mehr nach oben, sodass der Becher offen bleibt.Trotz dem Anleitungsgemäßen Reinigen ist das für diesen Preis doch sehr schwach.\n')
('Wendy Hopkins', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGarde au chaud toute la matinée c'est top et look sympa\n")
('damo.emt1', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nCracking product but unfortunately it does not last as long as I’d like. I’ve bought 3 of these now and the lid seizes every time after a few months of use. I can’t seem to get in touch with the company for a replacement either\n')
('A Graham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the look of this mug.  The drinking lid comes apart really well to give it a good clean.  I do have to leave the lod off for a while to let the drink cool down a bit so I can drink it. I personally think this is a good thing as it shows how insulated it is\n')
('Kollegger', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr sieht klasse aus, ist gut zu handhaben und passt in jeden Getränkehalter\n')
('Homer', '4,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nJ'étais très contente de cette article. J'ai d'ailleurs acheter 1 nouveau.Malheureusement après 7 mois d'utilisation même pas intense le système plastique qui sert pour l'ouverture est cassé en 2.Je ne sais pas si c'est garantie? Quelqu'un sait me conseiller peut être.Merci\n")
('louise maynard', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHighly recommend this travel mug.Stays hot for hours.I haven’t had it leak yet but I have noticed that if you take a sip from it sometimes residual liquid stays in the lid so if you knock it over you will get a slight spillage from it.Apart from that I can’t fault it.\n')
('Bastler-Geek', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWärmeleistung ist sehr gut. Allerdings war der Becher NIE in einer Spülmaschine, weder Deckel noch der Becher selbst. Wurde immer per Hand gespült. Dennoch ging nach 2 Monaten die Farbe ab. In der Preisklasse für mich ein NoGo - ging deswegen zurück!\n')
('Lord Hornchurch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use it every day and am really happy with it - it looks great, is easy to clean and best of all is very easy to use and keeps my coffee warm for hours.\n')
('Hanieh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält super warm, leicht zu reinigen und auslaufsicher. Leider hakt der Druckknopf am Deckel. Das kann aber ein Einzelfall sein. Ansonsten 👍🏻\n')
('Mista 2007', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest cup I have ever brought for my husband who works on site. Keeps it really hot.\n')
('Mr. Paul Hoffbrand', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat product. So good that my girlfriend stole it and now I'm walking around with her pink flask into work!! I'll have to buy a new one!\n")
('Memento Mori', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLiter\n')
('AlberZaragoza', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot in a perfect condition\n')
('Fr. W.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrotz der Negativbewertungen (v.a. wegen abblätternder Farbe) habe ich nach langem Vergleichen zwei der Becher geholt. Bisher kann man Folgendes festhalten: der Becher ist stylisch, er hält lange warm und der Inhalt schmeckt nicht nach Becherkomponenten. Ob demnächst doch Farbe abgeht,wird sich zeigen. Insgesamt finde ich ihn aber recht teuer.\n')
('Sanjay Silas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup. No leakage and easy to drink from without spillages! Good looking with smooth matte finish. Feels nice In the hand. I’ve bout 3 of these over the past year.... the first for myself and the others as gifts. They really are excellent, NO LEAKS!!!\n')
('Mercedes Sanz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWow love this product, keeps my coffee warm for hours. It's easy to clean and looks good too. Love the fact you can pick it up and drink it from any angle too. Well worth the money !\n")
('Magdalena ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist formschön und auslaufsicher. Die Wärmeleistung kann ich noch nicht beurteilen\n')
('Hamsterchen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin sehr zufrieden. Der Thermobecher hält über 5 Stunden heiß, ist super dicht und auslaufsicher. Habe mich extra für einen ohne Lackfarbe entschieden und bereue meine Wahl nicht. Top Produkt.\n')
('CommonMan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought one of these for my wife. She works in a school, currently with no kitchen facilities so she wanted something that would keep a large tea warm all day. She tells me that it’s amazing and does exactly that. Meaning she can have access to a not drink throughout the day. She tells me she is very happy with this product and has recommended it to a number of her friends and colleagues.\n')
('Jacky', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug kept my drink hot for more than 4 hours. The lid is very secure and screws in tightly. There is absolutely no spillage. It arrived virtually the next day and it looks and feels great. These are the factors people are most interested in and I highly recommend this product and seller.\n')
('Jamie Francis Langridge', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA little too good!! I like to keep this in my car for the drive home after working out on site, the only down side is it’s as hot then as it was when 1st made and I still have to wait till I can drink it!It’s a great cup and perfect to use whilst in the car.\n')
('R.F.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKlasse. Hält dein Getränk über sehr viele Stunden heiß.habe mir nach 3 Stunden noch immer die Lippe verbrannt. Nach 12 Stunden war mein Getränk,in diesem Fall Tee,noch immer lau warm\n')
('Damian T.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love everything about this travel mug I use it everyday\n')
('Luke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWorth the money\n')
('Fritzi.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Heiss\n')
('D, Gauld', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI make myself a coffee at about 7am every morning and put it in this flask. I put it in my workout bag (lying down) and drink it in bits over the course of the day. It's still at a drinkable level of warmth at 3pm, so no more barely touched mugs off coffee left on my desk from impromptu meetings. Absolutely wonderful!\n")
('"lizat96"', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve bought several travel mugs over the years but none come close to this one.  Easy to hold and non slip base along with fab colour. My tea stayed piping hot for hours. Love it.\n')
('Tiler', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was expecting it to be brighter red in colour but apart from that it's perfect. Lovely deep red sheen colour, easy to clean, push down to open mechanism. Overall would recommend. It does what I want and looks pretty good too!!\n")
('Toni', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove this travel mug keeps my coffee warm.  It's light weight, looks fantastic and no spillage or leaking when drinking from.\n")
('Sylke S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schönes Produkt, hält was es verspricht.Am Anfang war einer der Becher undicht. Habe mich dann an den Kundenservice gewandt, die haben mir ein Video zugeschickt dass ich prüfen soll ob der Deckel richtig zusammengebaut ist. Das war er natürlich nicht. Mit 3 einfachen Handgriffen habe ich den Deckel laut Anleitung zusammen gebaut und danach war der Becher auch dicht.Sehr freundlicher Kundenservice und schnelle Antwort <1 Tag.\n')
('Mrs. L. Borthwick', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon thermos, un café chaud mis à 7h dans le thermos reste tiède a 15h30.Très jolie, fin et intuitif\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nits a great sturdy mug and i wanted one to be able to put it in my handbag to take to the car in the mornings its well made and im pleased that the owners of the company take pride in their product enough to get in touch with the buyerswell done 720 DGREE\n')
('Daniel fowle', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWorks great, hot drink stays hot all day 👍\n')
('Frankthetank', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDanke Perfekt\n')
('CAH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWahnsinn, hält ewig warm, ist super verarbeitet\n')
('ewan', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nLove this product. It keeps t try the beverage hot for a very long time and is absolutely leak proof.\n')
('Sascha Fietze', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI would certainly recommend . It's really helpful and saves lot of time and also light weight.\n")
('mario', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug is the best I’ve had. Keeps your drink hot for hours. In fact I have to leave it in a cup for a minute or two and then pour it into the travel mug.  This way I can drink it !\n')
('Janine Röckerath-ley', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Thermobecher. Angenehm daraus zu trinken. Farbe wie auf dem Bild. Prompt geliefert - Am nächsten Tag. Sehr angenehmer Verkäufer. Würde ich wieder kaufen! Gestern habe ich den Deckel verloren. DEN KANN MAL hier auf Amazon einzeln kaufen!!!! Da es ein nach-kaufbares Verschleißteil ist, möchte ich NOCH MEHR als 5 Punkte geben.\n')
('Lauren hall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love the violet bottle! It’s more dark rather than light but it’s beautiful. I made some tea and took it to work with me in the morning. It was still hot 4 hours later, amazing! It’s easy to clean too. You just twist off the inside of the top and it come apart. To put it back together you just twist it back on. If you make tea and turn it upside down like I did it doesn’t leak! But I still wouldn’t leave it in my handbag, knowing my luck it would go everywhere 😂 but it’s a slim design so it doesn’t feel like I’m carrying this massive thing! 100% recommend!!!!\n')
('NW', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStylisches Design\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. Keep temperature for quit long. Very easy to clean.\n')
('Mrs T M Pearce', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this mug. I use it daiily. Remains hot for ages.\n')
('Detlev Prinz', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nreally light weight, amazing isolation and cool design\n')
('Diet Langer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Becher sieht sehr gut aus ...mattes schwarz...er ist leicht. Hält den Kaffee lange heiss und das Beste...man muß nicht lange nach Trinköffnung suchen da man von überall trinken kann...bin restlos begeistert.\n')
('Kindle-Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Becher erst seit ein paar Tagen. Ich habe ihn weniger aufgrund des Aussehens (dass echt auch ok ist) genommen, sondern vielmehr wegen der positiven Rückmeldungen bzgl. Warmhaltefunktion. Bin beruflich sehr viel im Auto unterwegs und habe da gerne meinen home-made-coffee dabei :) . Habe den Becher in der Früh gefüllt (Kaffee MIT Milch) und dann abends um ca. 18 Uhr den letzten Schluck getrunken, der immer noch WARM war. Das war genau DAS, wonach ich gesucht habe. Ich kann noch keine Aussage zur Beschichtung abgeben, da ich erst zu kurz in Besitz dieses Bechers bin. Ich gebe ihn aber nicht in die Spülmaschine, sondern reinige ihn von Hand. Beschichtung sieht derzeit nicht aus, als würde sie bald Probleme machen. Wenn jemand vor diesem Abblättern Angst haben sollte, dann empfehle ich die Silber Variante. Keinesfalls sollte man wegen dieses eventuell eintretenden Faktors (der sich in meinem Fall erst einmal ereignen muss), auf dieses grandiose Warmhaltewunder verzichten! TOP PRODUKT, prompte Lieferung, wie immer bei Amazon, kurzum: klare Kaufempfehlung!!!\n')
('Atul Karia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis cup is amazing !!! Easy to clean, easy to drink from and so far no leaks. I read on other reviews that the only problem is that you burn your mouth because it keeps the drink super hot for hours , and it really does !! I've learnt to make my tea and leave the lid off long enough to get to drinking temp b4 putting the lid on . Its amazing.  Best travel cup ever. Can't rate it enough\n")
('Silvio', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVerarbeitung, kurze Lieferzeit, Farbe etc toll, aber... leider: ich komme mit der 360 Grad Öffnung nicht klar, zurückgesandt u auch das lief problemlos\n')
('a Kell', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this product, excellent quality and design keeps drinks hot for ages would reccomend highly.\n')
('NC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best flasks we have ever had. Keeps coffee hot for 4 to 5 hours. Beautiful design and colours. Would definitely recommend. An excellent buy.\n')
('Debs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup, brill design. And slim enough to fit in the Mercedes stupidly slim cup holder!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGave as present. Very good keeps drinks very hot easy to hold with no leak. Wife now brought me one!\n')
('A.G.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGut für unterwegs\n')
('Clariebell', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt leaks\n')
('Sian Carrington', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps the hot drink really hot for some hours. Need to be carefuly tilting the container to drink out off as it can flow fast.\n')
('Iris Stephan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin voll zufrieden mit dem Becher in dem er sehr lange Kaffee warm hält, Nichts ausläuft und während der Autofahrt muss ich nicht mehr achten auf die trink Öffnung\n')
('GUY DJAMEGO', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGrate purchase, if I could give more then 5 starts i would.Also the red matt colour is really pritty.Recommended.\n')
('John Joyce', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps its heat really well but it is expensive and the opening and closing mechanism (top) sticks. I turned it over to show my husband how great it was for not leaking and it leaked!\n')
('William', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for on the go . Kept my tea hot for hours .\n')
('D. Göbel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie jahrelange Suche nach einem Coffee to go Becher, der lange den Inhalt heiß hält, nicht ausläuft und beim Trinken nicht tropft, hat ein Ende.Mein Test hat es gezeigt. Nach 6 Stunden war der Kaffee noch so heiß, dass man hätte pusten müssen, um ihn schmerzfrei zu trinken.Nach 14 Stunden war er immerhin noch lauwarm. Dazu sieht der Becher noch super schick aus und mit einem Inhalt von 3 Tassen kommt man gut über den Tag.Man kann den Becher auch mal in die Tasche stecken wenn man keine Hand frei hat. Es läuft nichts aus.Das Trinken ist auch sehr angenehm. Keine Kleckergefahr.Der Becher lässt sich super reinigen, da man den Deckel mit einfachen Handgriffen auseinanderbauen kann. So kann man dann die Teile einfach abspülen und muss nicht wie bei anderen Modellen die Kaffeereste mühsam mit einer Bürste aus jeder Ritze des Deckels kratzen.Das entschädigt dafür, dass der Becher nicht spülmaschinengeeignet ist.Ich bin überzeugt.Bleibt nur noch abzuwarten wie lange der Becher für seinen nicht gerade günstigen Preis hält. Kommt aber ja auch auf die Handhabung mit diesem Produkt an.Meine anderen gesammelten Coffee to go Becher werde ich nunmehr jedenfalls entsorgen und mir eher noch einen von diesen in einer weiteren tollen Farbe zulegen.\n')
('Anon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly used a couple of times so far but all good so far.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product- I actually have to add cold water in the morning as was still too hot to drink at lunchtime! Fabulous\n')
('Gina', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood handling, easy to clean.\n')
('Michael P', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup can be used time and again, saving waste from disposable ones.  It is leakproof, which is very important.  It keeps the coffee hot for a long time as well, fitting nicely into the cup holders in the car.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWithout a doubt the best I have tried.\n')
('cokey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat design, no leakage & comes apart easily to clean\n')
('Jürgen Schmid', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermosbecher hält was er verspricht.Getränke bleiben lang warm. Ich mache es meistens so, das ich das Getränk bei offenem Deckel auf eine angenehme Teperatur abkühlen lasse, dann mache ich den Deckel zu und schlürfe meinen Kaffee über die nächsten Stunden langsam leer. Das Getränk bleibt dann sehr lang auf perfekter Trinktemperatur.Auslaufsicher war er bei mir immer. Kein Tropfen ging daneben, auch wenn ich ihn mal aus Versehen in den Fußraum gekickt habe.Leicht zu reinigen. Sehr vorteilhaft ist, das man den Becher gut auseinander schrauben kann um ihn problemlos zu reinigen, das dauert nicht lang und ist auch gar nicht kompliziert.Der Thermosbecher sieht sehr edel aus.Hab den Becher jetzt seit einiger Zeit und bin immer noch sehr zufrieden.\n')
('E. S. Turner', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA los tres meses se ha roto la tapa. No encaja bien\n')
('G. Morgan', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter one use the top fell off........\n')
('Roy Kleist', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer Inhalt bleibt sehr lange heiß (was mein Wunsch ist); der Geschmack bleibt erhalten; der Thermobecher eignet sich auch sehr gut für Menschen die auf dem Bau arbeiten, da er stoßfest ist; die Verarbeitung ist robust und der Deckel ist dennoch einfach zu schließen da das Gewinde gut ausgearbeitet ist. Wir haben insgesamt 3 und mittlerweile alle alten entsorgt.\n')
('Aisling  Martin', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\ni like that you can drink from any part of the cup and no spills\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFormschöner und den Ansprüchen entsprechend perfekter Becher.Der Kaffee bleibt heiss, es läuft nichts aus, liegt gut in der Hand, einfach spitze.\n')
('Björn B.', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSehr handlich und elegant. Hielt bei mir bis jetzt sogar länger warm als angegeben. Ich bin vollkommen zufrieden.Bei „Leicht zu reinigen“ habe ich nicht alle Sterne gegeben, da sich der Deckel nicht so leicht reinigen lässt. Ist bei Kaffeebechern aber auch meistens der Fall, deswegen kein großer Abzug bei der Bewertung.\n')
('Sylvia Strunk', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Produkt, hält top und lange Heiss.Kann man nur empfehlenSUPER QUALITÄT GERNE WIEDER\n')
('Lena ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper toller Becher. Vor allem das leichte auseinanderbauen gefällt mir sehr, so sammelt sich in Zwischenräumen nicht unbemerkt irgendwelcher Mist.Einziges Manko ist, dass der Deckel sich wenn man ihn zum Trinken öffnet immer ein wenig verkantet und sich nicht einfach wieder drücken lässt um ihn zu verschließen, deswegen ein Stern Abzug.\n')
('Marcus Reise', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNachdem das gute Teil schon eine ganze Weile in Gebrauch ist kann ich sagen: Der Thermobecher hält was er verspricht. Läuft nicht aus, superleicht zu reinigen, Tee bleibt lange heiß, … was will man mehr! Würde den Becher immer wieder kaufen.\n')
('Stelter', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally nice material and looks clean!\n')
('MadMarx', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHab den Becher vor 2 Jahren geschenkt bekommen und bin bis heute super zufrieden! Das ist der beste Becher den ich in den letzten Jahren ausprobiert habe- und das waren einige. Zwischendurch gab es mal einen neuen Deckel (die Dichtungsgummis fand ich nicht mehr so schön) ansonsten sieht er noch aus, wie am ersten Tag:-)\n')
('steviee', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNutze die Becher bereits seit mehreren Jahren und bin auch nach wie vor Überzeugt, dass es die Besten sind!\n')
('PaulP', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFirstly it does t like the dishwasher so the paint peeled but I can accept user error on that one.Unfortunately the lid pop up system has broken when less than 4 months old.\n')
('Steven Szmolenski', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was limited what I could buy due to the cupholder size in the car.Perfect.Nice quality, great to drink from and easy to clean.  Keeps drinks hot for ages too.No issues and can highy recommend.  It's been in use for over 6 months now and still no problems!!\n")
('virginie68', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this travel mug, no leaks easy to clean and does keep my early morning  offee hot all the way to work.\n')
('G Bradbury-Stewart', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product for four uses then fell apart. Cannot see a way to contact seller.\n')
('Carl oldham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps cold drinks really cold and the hot drinks really hot.  I do recommend this product\n')
('Susan Barta', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPrima Thermobecher, mein Kaffee bleibt wirklich 5 Stunden heiß! Die Qualität ist gut, Bedienung einwandfrei, klare Kaufempfehlung trotz des etwas hohen Preises.\n')
('theraronas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDer Thermobecher ist genial, hällt Uber Stunden die Wärme des Getränkes U ist aussen überhaupt nicht warm. Die Farben sind sehr schön, man kann hervorragend daraus trinken U immer wieder verschließen durch Druck auf den 'Knopf'der Öffnung. Auslaufsicher!!\n")
('linda', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr guter Thermobecher, bin echt begeistert - nutze ihn täglich. Auch im Auto möglich tropffrei zu trinken.\n')
('Ichi-go, Ichi-e', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI work on the tube. Need a cup that’s easy to fill and doesn’t leak. This is perfect. It’s a little more pricy than others like it but with the push down lid to open, I don’t have to search for the spout to drink, can hold cup at any angle. Just be careful of your tea coffee or whatever hot drink you have in it will still be extremely hot long after you fill it up. I’ve burnt my lips twice after forgetting. So now I add cold to my tea to keep same temperature. Previous cups had my drink cooled down after about 10 minutes.Cup has a rubber base so won’t be sliding anywhere and can be kept in your bag without leaking as long as the press top isn’t pushed accidentally. Well recommended.\n')
('Bruni', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher an sich ist top. Hält sehr lange warm/kalt, passt hervorragend in den Fahrzeugbecherhalter und macht einen guten Eindruck.Lediglich der Deckel gibt in regelmäßigen Abständen auf und muss dann erneuert werden. Das Teil für den Klick-Öffnungsmechanismus bricht nun bereits zum dritten Mal durch und damit ist das gewohnte Öffnen nicht mehr möglich und damit die Nutzung nur noch sehr eingeschränkt möglich. Der erste Deckel hielt etwa ein Jahr und wurde nach Kontakt mit dem Verkäufer noch kostenlos ausgetauscht. Der zweite und dritte Deckel schafften nur noch etwa ein halbes Jahr. Das ist schon sehr ärgerlich. Man sollte hier entweder am Mechanismus oder am Material nachbessern.\n')
('Mike Wensing', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe ewig nach einem Becher gesucht und hiermit den richtigen gefunden. Er sieht toll aus, hält auch den Kaffee schön lange warm und ist auch dicht. Bedienung ist einfach.\n')
('Stefanie', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den Thermobecher seit zwei Tagen in Gebrauch. Deshalb konnte ich einige Bewertungen nicht vornehmen. Bislang bin ich top zufrieden damit. Der Becher hält meinen Kaffee lange heiß und ist auslaufsicher. Zudem gefällt mir das Design sehr gut :-)\n')
('Ratzelwurm', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe seit einigen Tagen den 720°DGREE Premium Thermobecher und nutze ihn nun täglich.Sehr begeistert und erfreut bin ich über die lange Wärmeleistung. Mein Kaffee war noch nie so lange warm.Freue mich schon auf heiße Tage, um ausprobieren zu können, wie lange Getränke frisch und kühl bleiben.\n')
('Yolsantcugat', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExcellent. I've been using the Lifeventure Vacuum mug for quite some time, but that's more suited to taking a hot drink to your destination, sitting down and drinking it in one go. If you're travelling on the bus or train it's a real faff to constantly unscrew the Lifeventure mug lid, deal with the resulting condensation drip, take a sip (and only a sip because invariably the metal rim of the mug is way too hot) and screw the lid back on - and then only IF you can screw it back on correctly, the Lifeventure mug lid threads have a tendency to do their own thing over time. Both mine and my girlfriends have both almost created new paths in the plastic thread, and it can be extremely frustrating and time consuming trying to get the lid back on properly!Of course, you'll only find out you didn't get it back on properly when you realise it went back into your bag or pocket and leaked....That's not to say the Lifeventure mug isn't good - but it is more suited to camping or hiking I think.So we were looking for a similar double walled design mug with a better lid that's more suited to drinking from on the go.The 720° mug so far has been excellent. The inner wall looks a little thinner and shinier (cheaper looking?) than the Lifeventure mug, but that's a small quibble. I really like the overall look of this mug and the fact that you can sip from any part of the top is great. It keeps your tea or coffee super hot too, and for quite a while!So far it's only been in my jacket pocket so I can't vouch for how leak proof it is, at some stage I'll keep it in my bag to testIn a nutshell, a bit pricey but ultimately it will pay for itself  if you're buying your coffee out and about, most places now offer a discount for using your own mug.I bought two of these blind, based purely on positive reviews and I'm really pleased with the purchase, I would definitely buy again.UPDATE. Some time on, and every day use, the top edge of the outer plastic/paint material is coming away. Only on that area though. I have dropped it numerous times and the coating is coming away in those areas too, but that's to be expected where dropped. But the upper edge, all around? Is a bit of a mystery. The Black one my partner uses is absolutely fine. Would the manufacturer care to comment I wonder?\n")
('Mr Wes Davies', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI liked everything about this product 👍\n')
('Anna', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nNice product. Looks good. Hasn’t leaked. Pleased with the purchase.\n')
('anthony edgell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat travel cup, keeps things hot, keeps them cold, and doesn't leak.\n")
('stevie b', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy Husband loves it, thanks\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use it for keeping water cold and it works for hours.\n')
('Ms H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wasn’t so keen on spending so much on a flask but was totally worth it. The only criticism I can make is I’m not fan of the lid. It works great, I just don’t like it. Still an awesome product. Would totally recommend it.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe schon einige Becher ausprobiert, aber dieser hält den Kaffee/Tee sehr lange warm. Selbst nach einigen Stunden hat der Inhalt noch eine angenehm warme Trinktemperatur. Gut ist auch, dass man während der Fahrt nicht erst die Trinköffung suchen muss.\n')
('Mrs carr', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJe suis plus que satisfaite de ce mug, après maintes recherches j’ai enfin trouvé celui qu’il me fallait. Il ne laisse passer aucun liquide et tient au chaud pendant toute une journée, le rapport qualité prix est ouf foncez sans hésiter (en plus il est vraiment pas mal esthétiquement).\n')
('Louis Collins', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought as a gift for my partner as he always takes a coffee to work. He's been through several thermal mugs which have all failed for one reason or another.. This one is well worth the money. Stylish in design, keeps a drink hot ( and drinkable!) all day if necessary. The lid fits tightly and the drinking mechanism is a great innovation. No more searching for the drinking hole! Seems very robust. Bought the grey which is very attractive. Recommended.\n")
('Clara', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLange gesucht und den Richtigen gefunden. Sehr zu empfehlen!!\n')
('Samster09', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\necht schicker thermo becher ...ist den preis echt wert!!  benutze ihn fast jeden tag ....hält gut warm !  alles dicht!sehr gute qualität...aber bei den lackierten bechern scheint wohl der lack sich irgendwann zu lösen :P\n')
('MarkMusicMan.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this mug. Its easy to clean and easy to hold. A word of warning though. It stays hot for a long time so add drinks at the temp you like to drink them. I highly recommend it. The only reason I took a star off is it is not dishwasher safe...the colour has peeled off my mug which is a shame.\n')
('A Legite Shopper', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeep your hot drink ready\n')
('Mrs J Bailey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is a lovely quality and feel. It keeps the contents extremely hot. If using boiled water, you still can’t drink it after several hours, due to the exceptional insulation qualities.I would advise that you fill with contents at a lesser temperature which you could consume without waiting to cool down.You will have no worries regarding leaks as it is completely leak proof.I was very pleased with this product and I would highly recommend to others.\n')
('Nadia Rossotti', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot unlike the Brand: Bava I purchased that was recommended by amazon but was useless. Coffee cold after a few hours. Returned it and bought this one and far far better. Easy to drink from.\n')
('marmac', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOne of the best travel mugs I've used.\n")
('Scott Lewis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt was easy to clean. It kept drinks super hot.  I found it tricky to drink from\n')
('M. Moss', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'd bought one of these originally for days I was out on the road. I didn't enjoy stopping at service stations and spending a lot of money on tea so invested in a 720DGREE mug.  Really impressed. However, the really beauty of this item is that now I'm at home all day it is on the go all the time. I don't use the top/lid unless I'm going out but it still keeps my tea hot and warm for at least an hour. It is also very stylish. I've since bought one for my partner and a close friend has also just ordered one.\n")
('Carl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought one of these a few years ago and after chasing the company for a new lid assembly the cup worked for three years with no defects and it went everywhere with me.Just had a new one bought for me and it's faulty on arrival ....the lid assembly has too many moving parts I'm sure.This one leaks straight out of the box ... the company are incredibly unresponsive and they never used to be,Very, very disappointed indeed\n")
('Claudia Garrido', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWirklich toller Becher, ist auf jeder Reise mit dabei. Hält lange warm\n')
('Carole McVicar', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic at keeping drinks hot for hours. Very stylish and completely leakproof. It may cost a bit more than some others, however I always say you get what you pay for. And I think the price is justified for a top quality product. 5*****\n')
('thomas-c100', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely brilliant, kept drink pipping hot, very happy\n')
('Joanmary', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly downfall to this cup is not being able to tell if the lid is open or closed without trying to drink it.  Keeps drinks hot for hours.\n')
('Lindsay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nreally happy with it , keeping my coffee nice and hot\n')
('Steffen', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeicht und hält sehr lange die Getränke heiß. Ist mein täglich Begleiter. Ich wünschte es gäbe ihn in größer.\n')
('Mrs Nicola J Mellett', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use this in my house because it keeps my hot drink safely away from my kids spilling it and it keeps it hot for me to actually have a hot drink by the time I get around to drinking it.I also then take it out everyday in the pram and while weather has been freezing and I’m wearing snow trousers my coffee is still roasting its brilliant.I took guidance from the negative reviews to get most out of this.1-bought silver so no paint can chip away2- press button directly in the middle3 - reassemble the lid if there’s a leak4 - allow the first 6/7 drinks to taste a little odd until that new product taste completely goes away.It’s amazing and even better by the fact they sell replacement lids so don’t have to buy the whole thing again when the time comes.\n')
('Megs1981', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with my new travel mug and received super quickThank you 😊\n')
('Amazon-Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher sieht toll aus und macht was er soll.Hält wirklich lange heiß, ca. 4 Std.\n')
('Robert Menz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nElegant and sleek. Keeps my coffee hot for hours!\n')
('Anja', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Produkt. Ich besitze mehrere verschiedene Flaschen und Becher von 720 DEGREE und bin von allen begeistert. Mit dem Thermobecher gab es beim Deckel ein Problem. Der Kontakt mit dem Kundenservice war super-freundlich, unkompliziert und schnell. Eine echte Seltenheit. Ich bin allumfassend begeistert\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI knocked my flask off my desk and now the lid has broken from less than 1meter in height. The lid just wouldn't screw on. I forced it on whilst I wait for the replacement top to arrive and now I cant get it off!Great flask but no good if it is this fragile! Probably wouldn't buy again. It would have received a 5 start rating if it wasn't so delicate!\n")
('Mrs Bott', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFirst mug leaked - after much haggling they sent a replacement lid.Since then, it has lost paint on the outside.Nightmare to clean however hard you try. Literally eww!I normally don't write reviews, and I stopped using it long time ago. But this one just claimed to be so much but was such a deceit.\n")
('bob h', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug I have had.The seller contacted my via email before and after receiving the 720, to check that all was OK...and it is.\n')
('Dine', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr zufrieden!\n')
('Ivan Williams', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIf you're looking for travel mug which keeps the liquid hot, then look no further. This is the second one I've bought, this time for a family member. A coffee will still be hot over two hours after making and pleasantly warm for up to 4 hours. Perfect!\n")
('Chris Ivey', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust love this one.\n')
('Piotr Wardas', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this for carrying the early morning coffee, avoiding the coffee-cost-a-lots on the morning drive.Really does keep the coffee hot all day long. Minus 1 star as I have to find a way to keep the rim clean for drinking, but that's just the OCD kicking in.\n")
('sarah phelan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIdeal for forest walks with the dogSecond one we have bought, love the way the lid comes apart for ease of cleaning, drinks stay lovely and hot for a few hours.\n')
('Robro', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAll fine. Just what I wanted\n')
('Darren f.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug really works - it keeps my coffee hot all morning! It is easy to clean and also looks very stylish. I had a slight issue with one of the seals, but after contacting the seller they were fast to respond and sent out a replacement very quickly. Many thanks!\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug is fantastic at keeping my coffee hot, however I am so disappointed that after a couple of weeks of use that the outer cover is simply peeking off.\n')
('Maidah Basit-Bhatti', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange warm.\n')
('MCV', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug is great. I needed a slim mug due to small cup holders in my car and this one is the slimmest I found. It keeps my tea warm and does not leek.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMit der Funktionalität des Bechers bin ich durchaus zufrieden. Allerdings kann ich nicht sagen, wie lange der Kaffe warm bleibt da ich ihn auf dem Weg zur Arbeit schon trinke.Leider platzt nach über einem Monat nun auch die Beschichtung ab… habe den Becher nicht in der Spülmaschine gehabt - schade!\n')
('Kaya 1305', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ist mir der Becher runter gefallen. Gibt es eine Möglichkeit den Deckel separat zu erwerben?\n')
('Smoggy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKepts drinks warm. Does not leak. Easy to drink from.  I hand wash it as husband's lost paint in the dishwasher.Would buy again.\n")
('T C', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought two of them on blackfriday sale, they will be xmas gifts so cant comment on how good they are (yet) but opened one and the color is absolutely amazing.Hopefully they'll be as good as they look!\n")
('K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe lange nach einem Thermobecher gesucht. Ich muss sagen, dass ich diesen Kauf nicht bereut habe. Der Kaffee ist auch noch nach 5 Stunden warm.\n')
('tastyfish', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve been buying coffee from Starbucks for months now, and finally decided to save my money and make coffee at home before work. I already have a 720°DGREE water bottle which I love, and liked the design of their travel mug (the pop lid is really handy being able to drink from any side). For me, being able to get it in a choice of nice colours is a bonus too.Usually at work half of my coffee goes to waste due to being rushed, so it goes cold. I started begrudgingly drinking it cold, however with this cup that isn’t an issue at all. Word of warning to anyone buying it, it’s well insulated, very well insulated - I’ve scalded my mouth a couple times from the heat hours after I’ve poured the thing! Sounds bad but I’m actually very impressed with it, the cup is also a nice size, fits my hand well and also sits nicely in my car’s cup holders.Overall I’m very happy with my purchase, and would recommend this cup and any other 720°DGREE product to anyone looking for good quality at a good price.\n')
('Mo B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAn sich ein schönes Produkt, isoliert auch ganz gut, wenn es heil ist. Nach ca. 1/2 Jahr ist bei mir allerdings ein Plastikteil im Deckel kaputt gegangen und der Deckel funktioniert nicht mehr.\n')
('Sebastian', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe mich für das Produkt entschieden, da ich bereits die Uber Bottle besitze und von der begeistert bin. Außerdem hat mir das Design gefallen. Leider sieht der Becher in echt deutlich weniger hochwertig aus. Der Druckknopf klappert und der Becher ist undicht. Darüber hinaus sieht man auf der matten Oberfläche sofort Fingerabdrücke. Ich bin sehr enttäuscht und mein Becher geht zurück.\n')
('Lukasz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrought this on a recommendation from a friend. It keeps your drink hot for hours, would recommend and buy again\n')
('B____2017', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks very very hot\n')
('Mike', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVon der Qualität, den versprochenen Leistungsmerkmalen und der Optik sowie der raschen Lieferung war und bin ich überzeugt. Der Artikel zeigte aber bereits nach einmaligem Gebrauch im Fahrzeughalter Schleifspuren. Deshalb wollte ich ihn eigentlich zurücksenden. Die Spuren ließen sich dann aber am nächsten Tag ohne Probleme entfernen. Waren somit also nicht dem Artikel zuzuschreiben.\n')
('Nguyen Tien Duc', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product with cosmetic side.After few days the it start to lose pain in few spots. It looks like dents but there are no dents. The item never called down. If was used for a single 10 hours ride and stayed for 5 days in my car.Looks like while painting the items had some quality problem.In general it holder my coffee warm for 8 hours\n')
('Meron Gebrebrhan ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZunächst war ich sehr begeistert von diesem Thermobecher. Das Design ist schön und die Klickautomatik zum Öffnen fand ich auch toll. Leider hat sich der Becher nicht als alltagstauglich erwiesen. Er läuft aus, wenn er nicht komplett grade steht. Also kann man ihn nicht, so wie ich ihn nutzen wollte, in der Seitentasche des Rucksacks oder so gar in der Tasche transportieren, weil das Getränk dann ausläuft. Und nicht nur einige Tropfen, sondern komplett alles was drin ist. Nachdem mir das jetzt einige Male passiert ist, habe ich ihn enttäuscht zurückgeschickt. Echt schade.\n')
('bg', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Thermobecher nun seit gut 2 Wochen im Dauergebrauch und bin komplett überzeugt.Reinigung:Becher lässt sich wunderbar und simpel in kurzer Zeit reinigen.Optik/Verarbeitung:Auch nach öfteren reinigen sieht der Becher immer noch so wie an Tag 1 aus. Einzig der Kunststoffdeckel zeigt leichte Gebrauchsspuren, welche aber kaum ersichtlich sind.Ansonsten ein optisch schlicht gehaltener aber eleganter Thermobecher.Auslaufsicher:Bis jetzt damit keine Probleme gehabt. Dabei war es egal ob im Rucksack transportiert oder im Auto.Sollte sich dabei was ändern, wird es ein kleines Update in der Rezension geben.Wärme:Kaffee oder Tee bleiben optimal heiß/warm, sodass man damit auch bspw. einen Tag an der Hochschule gut übersteht.Fazit:Wer einen guten aber schlichten Thermobecher will, macht bei diesem hier sicherlich nicht viel Falsch.Einzige Kleinigkeit worauf man achten muss, ist, dass der Becher relativ hoch ist und daher bspw. im Auto ein bisschen (je nach Platzierung) stören kann.\n')
('Luke Jacobs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFound this travel mug by far the best on the market so far, ordered a second one for my wife after using it after a few days, previously had used the Contigo autoseal loop stainless steel which were good but difficult to clean etc, this travel mug seems to keep the contents hot for much longer and much more easier to clean.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps the temperature for a very long time.  The colour are beautiful just like the photos.\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product and stylish to look at. Speedy delivery and cool lid to close with a click.\n')
('Gary', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis broke and the push down function didn’t work after just 6/7 uses. Useless product!\n')
('Schwitters', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n... aber trotz sorgfältiger Pflege sieht der Becher inzwischen unansehnlich aus, da an vielen Stellen die Farbe abplatzt.Der Reihe nach ... der Becher liegt ob der Form gut in der Hand, hält recht lang eine angenehme Trinktemparatur, macht also was er soll. Der Deckel ... ich habe inzwischen den 3. Deckel nachbestellt, da entweder eine Dichtung nicht ok war und somit undicht, oder  die mit der Zeit  ( trotz Reinigung ! ) einen muffigen Geruch und Geschmack abgibt. Und zu guter Letzt kommt noch die immer mehr abplatzende Farbe hinzu. Jedes Problemchen einzeln würde ich vielleicht noch übergehen, aber in Kombination hat es mich eines besseren belehrt und ich kann diese Becher nicht guten Gewissens weiter empfehlen.Da es sich um kein 2 Euro 50 Produkt handelt habe ich mal freundlich beim Hersteller nachgefragt, leider bisher immer noch ohne Feedback. Die Nachfrage, ob man bei Amazon ob schon ähnlicher Auffälligkeiten ( hier auch in den Bewertungen zu finden ) dazu eine Information vom Hersteller eingeholt hat blieb bisher leider auch unbeantwortet.Schade .. das Grundprinzip stimmt, aber irgendwie hatte ich mir wirklich mehr von dem Becher erhofft  ( vor allem, dass er länger als 7 Monate ohne Auffälligkeiten hält )\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this mug. The slip proof bottom is excellent. Good quality finish. Very pleased with it.\n')
('Elly Marie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIts a well designed, practical flask.\n')
('Alessandro', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product\n')
('Mr. D. A. Isemede', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat mug for all day use, I wanted a mug that was leak proof as I'm always on the go and this is excellent, and keeps warm for hours, definitely would buy again.\n")
('21ate', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n5st@r\n')
('Stefanie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer beste Kaffeebecher den ich je hatte- und ich hatte schon einige! Hält richtig lange Getränke heiß, sieht super schick aus und passt durch seine schmale Form perfekt in die Getränkehalterung vom PKW\n')
('Lisa-Marie M.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe diesen Thermobecher seit ca einem halben Jahr täglich in Benutzung und bin sehr sehr zufrieden. Ich habe schon 2 dieses Jahr gekauft und weiter verschenkt-kann ich nur jedem weiterempfehlen!! Super Produkt!! Ist sein Geld aufjedenfall wert!\n')
('Chiara Macini', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest cup I have ever had, keeps coffee warm for hours it doesn’t leak it came very very quickly great colour washes well would definitely buy again\n')
('Stirbler_86', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGute Qualität!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOn first use, the outside of the mug was warm within minutes and the drink cooled rapidly. Only just warm after an hour. Most of the reviews must be fake. Very disappointing for an expensive item.\n')
('SLOU3', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the 5th purchase inside a year. Great for keeping hot drinks hot!\n')
('Scott', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice mug but I make my coffee around 8am to drink at 10am by which time I would say it’s warm, that’s only 2 hours\n')
('susan chandler', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSlim and stylish, this mug is very easy to drink from at any angle. No fiddly tabs to pull up and no spills down your front when drinking! My coffee stays hot.\n')
('Pavarotts', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThermo isotherme impeccable\n')
('Maï', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDe beker houdt mijn thee zeker 6 uur lang warm. Dat is dus prima. De verf is echter na 4 maanden al aan het loslaten. Dat terwijl ik hem altijd voorzichtig met de hand afwas. Vraag me dan ook af hoelang het nog duurt voor het een schandaal op mijn bureau is.\n')
('Ines Bober', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr ist ein sehr guter Thermo becher, weiter so.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a great little product: elegant and functional and great if you're into something that looks a bit more stylish and traditional. It's also made in Germany so you can rest assured of build quality. Not being made cheaply in China is a selling point. Also, was great to receive comms from an overseas seller who is clearly more passionate about his product and not his profit.The only thing I'd add is that the thermal properties are a bit too good. If you make a drink for your commute, be aware that your drink will still be as hot as when you made it for a few hours. So, if you want something to sip from as you make your way to work just bear this in mind.Also, the lid can be confusing as it looks closed when it's actually open and looks open when it's actually shut. Just takes getting used to. Other than that it's great.\n")
('karen aldridge', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis was purchased as a present and they are very pleased with it. Holds a decent amount and keeps it hot for a very long time! Would recommend.\n')
('D. Pickles', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nReally good travel mug keeps coffee at a drinkable temperature for 6+hours. I would recommend it to anyone and will purchase more for family members\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sehr lange heiß, ist spülmaschinenfest und scheint bisher geschmacksneutral. Also genau wie gewünscht. Es gibt nur einen negativen Punkt, der mir aufgefallen ist: Da er eine schmale Form hat, ist er nicht ganz so kippstabil, wie man sich das manchmal wünschen würde. Auch in manchem Becherhalter wird er deshalb nicht so stabil gehalten, wie das sein könnte.\n')
('Gary ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhot drinks stay hot..no spill\n')
('N.Ruault', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter first use, it now leaks everytime. I have to consciously make sure it is upright or I just get a hot mess. Literally! Cuz the content is still extremely hot ☹Update: The cover has now completely come apart. Very unhappy with this purchase.\n')
('Paul', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat zwar seinen Preis, aber er ist jeden Cent wert. Er ist komplett dicht, auch wenn man ihn auf den Kopf stellt, es kommt kein Tropfen heraus. Selbst nach 2-3 Stunden ist der Kaffee immer noch heiß und in den nächsten ca 2 Stunden kühlt er nur in sofern ab, dass er immer noch gut warm ist. Anstatt zig billigere Becher zu kaufen, gebt lieber mehr Geld aus und habt lange Zeit etwas davon !!!\n')
('Jeff', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt does keep hot& doesn’t leak. Couldn’t get to grips with pressing down to drink, it’s a wide area to drink from, you need a wide mouth. I have taken a small mug with me & it’s all good now. I am still very happy with my purchase.\n')
('Miss D Larsen', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my drink hot for hours\n')
('Linda Kimmel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles top und super sicher.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper tolles Gefäß und der Kaffee hält ewig heiß. Leider ist die Farbe nicht so wie abgebildet. Sie ist dunkler.\n')
('Herrmann Mike', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Wärmeleistung des Bechers ist toll. Er ist auslaufsicher und man kann sehr einfach daraus trinken da man nicht nach der Öffnung suchen muss.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZwei mal benutzt und schon leider undicht. Habe mir mehr versprochen von dem Produkt.\n')
('Viktor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKept my coffee lovely hot all morning would have gone longer if not all drank.  Very impressive but only downside is that it didn't fit our works coffee machines.  Might be a pain.\n")
('*****', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach toll. Läuft nicht aus. Gut zu reinigen, da der Deckel komplett auseinander genommen werden kann. Hält wirklich lange warm. Bisschen teuer, aber für die Qualität war es das wirklich wert.\n')
('Philipp Willam', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI travel most days and carry a travel mug. Invariably after about 1-2 hours the tea is cold.The reviews on this mug were very good and I haven't been disappointed, the contents stay as hot as when you made the drink for 3-4 hours but are still reasonably hot 6-7 hours later.My only slight gripe is it is a bit fiddly drinking out of mug there is a knack to it, but overall, highly recommended.\n")
('Kathrin K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles super , schönes Design und gutes Produkt.Bin mehr als zufrieden.\n')
('Justus Adler', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach nur 2 Monaten blättert die Farbe außen ab. Und dabei ist der Becher selten in Benutzung. Schade.\n')
('sambakicker21', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nIch habe mich für diesen Becher aufgrund des Designs entschieden. Leider hielt die Freude daran nicht lang. Bereits nach wenigen Wochen fing die schwarze Farbe an abzublättern, bei regelmäßiger Wäsche in der Spülmaschine. Auch verhakt sich manchmal der Druckverschluss bei meinem Exemplar, so dass mehrmaliges draufdrücken notwendig ist, damit dieser wieder vernünftig einrastet. Wenn der Becher stark mit der Hand geschüttelt wird (ich bereite mir manchmal Instantkaffee in dem Becher zu) entweichen einige Tropfen des Inhalts.Falls sich jemand für diesen Becher entscheidet dann zumindest in der Version ohne Lackierung.\n')
('Claudia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIsoliert kaum bis gar nicht... Ist zwar dich aber bei 13 Grad Außentemperatur und Sonne, war der Kaffee nach 2,5 Std bereits kalt... Das geht viel viel besser... Preis Leistung passt da überhaupt nicht. Und das war  und ist für mich das wichtigste Kriterium..\n')
('adalia randolph', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood item .. Drinks stay hot for a long time. The is a very slight drip should you invert the cup once resealing takes place but this does not detract from its quality.\n')
('Beary', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI really like the product, only thing is after many uses of the product the warmness wasn't as consistent, which is to be expected through constant use, overall it's a very exceptional product so Thank You.\n")
('Mehrdad', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good\n')
('Linda Evans', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAbsolutely love it. Keeps my coffee hot. It's also beautiful.\n")
('Reece', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with this.  Exactly what it says It is. Top seller also.\n')
('Peter', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles in allem liebe ich diesen Thermobecher: läuft nicht aus, hält die Wärme zuverlässig über mehrere Stunden, passt in den Getränkehalter im Auto (ja, das tun leider nicht alle), cooles Design und das Beste: der Deckel lässt sich komplett auseinander bauen und reinigen, was der ausschlaggebende Grund war, weshalb ich mich für diesen entschieden habe.Obwohl ich insgesamt super zufrieden bin, kann ich aber trotzdem nur 4 Sterne vergeben. Denn bereits nach ca. 5 mal Spülen löste sich am oberen Rand der Lack und blätterte ab. Ist zwar nur ein optisches Defizit, sollte aber trotzdem nicht (so schnell) passieren. Insbesondere bei dem Preis..Ich sollte aber anmerken, dass ich wahrscheinlich einfach Pech hatte und einen Becher mit einem Fabrikatsfehler erhalten habe. Wir haben nämlich zwei Becher in verschiedenen Farben. An dem zweiten trat dies bisher noch nicht auf. Daher kann ich ihn auch guten Gewissens weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch würde es immer wieder kaufen!Es sieht schick aus, ist auslaufsicher und wirklich leicht zu reinigen.Also wärmstens zu empfehlen!\n')
('Hall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI use it when out walking.  You can see inside for cleaning, and it's  easy to open and close for drinking by clicking the lid. I held it upside down and it doesn't leak.\n")
('oliver', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA really superb quality finish in a durable anodised attractive finish. Looks great in the car and keeps things warm or for hours on long journeys.Best of all its super easy to clean and also has a one touch open/close for when you drive. Highly recommended.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWithout a doubt the best insulated mug I have had, keeps my coffee warm for hours on end. Easy to drink from, you can drink from anywhere on the lid so not restricted to a small hole. Incredibly leak proof as well. All in all a brilliant buy.\n')
('Caroline ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely love this mug FINALLY it actually does what it’s supposed to keeps my tea or coffee hot and I can just throw it in my bag no worries about leakage would highly recommend paying the extra you won’t regret it!!\n')
('james', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe cup is easy to use and completely spill proof. I made my coffee at 7a.m but forgot to take it with me. My coffee was still hot when I returned home at 7p.m.\n')
('SUPERKING_', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStays hot for a good 3 to 4 hours, you have to be careful when drinking as it stays hot and not had a leak yet which is great in my line of work\n')
('MIREYA J.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nnot knowing if it was closed\n')
('Andreas Falk', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnser 15-jähriger Sohn benutzt den Thermobecher für die Mitnahme von Früchtetee zur Schule. Der morgens heiß aufgebrühte Tee ist bis zum Mittag sehr, sehr warm und am Nachmittag dann sofort trinkbereit. Der Thermobecher hält was er verspricht. Die Größe ist für den Schulgebrauch sehr praktisch und das Design sehr ansprechend. Wir haben bereits mehrere Produkte der Firma 720°DGREE erworben und waren bisher stets zufrieden.\n')
('Sally A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it my daughter has said. Very snazzy and kept her drink warm for over 2 hours\n')
('klea', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am sure that I was unlucky.  This does keep liquids hot, although mine broke after very few uses.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery nice flask but only bad thing is the paint comes of from the sides\n')
('Claudia ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLooked lovely but lid leaked a lot when sealed shut- Maybe ours had a faulty lid (didn't seem to be made of very robust plastic) however not fit for purpose, couldn't keep in a bag with anything that couldn't cope with being sprinkled with coffee- shame because as I said it looked lovely, was a great size etc. Will keep looking for other brands.\n")
('Jacek', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI loved using this travel mug at first, kept my coffee hot for a long time and no leaks,; - however ive stopped using mine as each time i drank from it i got a horrible plastic, chemical taste even though it had been cleaned thoroughly which is shame.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent item. So good I now have 3 of them.\n')
('AA', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use it daily and it keeps drinks hot for hours, does not leak when you are drinking and as I work on sites is quite robust if you drop it, excellent product, loved it so much I bought my husband one\n')
('martin beadle', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI search for a my with excellent thermal insulation properties and that could drink from any angle. The 360 degree mug top is easy to clean and works well.3 stars for leak proof because for someone me it is hard to see if the lid is open or not at a glance. I spill drink when I thought lid was closed.  This can easily be corrected in design. Contact me for suggestions and ideas on how to do this :-)\n')
('Peter P', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDrinking is easy with its flippy lidIt doesn’t change the taste of the drink that’s put in eg; coffee, teaKept things hot a long time.Will definitely be recommending this to friends and family5 stars from me ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️\n')
('Taj', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMy husband and I both play golf and in the winter months it's nice to have a hot drink while you are playing.I have tried loads of thermos flask like products and generally they don't keep tea/chocolate hot for very long.This travel mug was excellent. After 4 hours the tea was still really hot.Very pleased and happy. I have bought another one for my husband for Christmas.\n")
('Juliane', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKaffee oder Tee egal... bleiben bis zu 6h heiß. Frisch gebrüht, Obacht: Verbrennungsgefahr. Selbst bei offenen Deckel kühlt es sehr langsam ab.Design: ist sehr ansprechend, einfach nur SCHIC (Form, Größe,Farbe und Verarbeitung). Leichte Handhabung bei der Reinigung (alle Teile sind gut auseinander zu schrauben und wieder zusammen zu setzen. Da der Becher jeden Tag (12-15h) im Einsatz ist, fehlt mir die Zeit für die Spühlmaschine.TRANSPORT: in der Jackeninnentasche, im Rucksack - macht jede Bewegung absolut auslaufsicher mit. Der Becher bleibt von außen kühl, sodass man ihn jederzeit gut anfassen kann.Ich bin froh, das ich mich NICHT vom Preis habe abschrecken lassen und den Rezessionen vertraut habe. ABSOLUT EMPFEHLENSWERT. Der Winter kann kommen.\n')
('Gary Young', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love this travel mug! It's exactly as advertised leak proof! (tested this alot as I spilt tea in my car alot with other travel mugs and this one actually is leak proof) being able to take it apart easily also a good feature. It also keeps beverages hot for hours.I would definitely recommend it\n")
('Pascal Bardoux', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch liebe ihn !Ok, der erste Deckel hat nach täglichem Frischmilch (vom Bauern) Gebrauch nicht so gut gerochen, wurde aber ohne Probleme ersetzt.Ich hatte ihn im Karibik Urlaub dabei also 36°c im Schatten und nachts lagen die Temperaturen bei durchschnittlich 26°c für abends habe ich den Becher mit Eiswürfel-Wasser gefüllt und bis zum nächsten Vormittag/Mittag waren noch Eiswürfel drin.Kurzum die Isolation ist das Nonplusultra!Ich bereue nur das ich mir nicht auch die Flasche gekauft habe.Jetzt benutzte ich Bio "Frischmilch" (Glasflasche ausm Supermarkt also keine wirkliche Frischmilch) und nichts müffelt.Also gehe ich wirklich davon aus das es an der Art von Milch liegt.Und die Farbe 😍 ich liebe sie !Der Kundenservice ist auch Spitzenklasse da können sich manche Verkäufer eine Dicke Scheibe abschneiden!Also meine lieben Leute seid schlau und umweltbewusster, kauft euch den Becher und Flasche auch gleich !Macht es nicht so wie ich und denkt äh ne über 30 € für eine Isolierte Flasche und nochmal soviel für den Becher.. viel zu teuer...Nein! Nicht zu teuer ! Ich hab mich mit einer günstigeren Flasche abgefunden und nun hab ich den Mist hält nicht mal eine halbe Stunde Autofahrt die Eiswürfel in Eis Form.Und nochmal Danke an Carolin vom Kundenservice!Macht weiter so !LG Carla\n')
('readsanythingonce', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a great travel mug, had a different brand one before that tasted very off... this one though is doth not ruin the tea. What’s more it keeps your hot stuff hot, I mean really hot! I mean don’t be surprised if after an hour, a couple of hobbits show up and lob a ring it.I bought it to use for my commute, but actually now use it as my mug in the office, that way my cuppa is always hot.Before I’d forget about my tea, perhaps doing doing important business type things, like stapling. Then, in need hot quench, reach for my brew, only to find a tepid nightmare. But now, no more!! It burns my mouth for up to 6 hours now!I call that a piping hot success!\n')
('Anja', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNutze diesen Thermobecher für meinen Kaffee unterwegs. Sieht nicht nur wirklich gut aus,  hält auch richtig schön warm und ist bisher zu 100% auslaufsicher.  Auch als Geschenk gut  geeignet!\n')
('m d wilson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe 360 degree drinking aspect is great and the fact that the lid can be dismantled for washing is very good. Drinks stay hot for ages. The only downside is it is quite a lot of money. However it is a well made item so I expect it to last.\n')
('Rosina wilson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup! Had an issue where a part of the lid snapped so contacted Kaave and they sent a new lid. Great customer service-helpful and efficient. Wouldn’t expect any less from a German company! Top notch!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist nicht auslaufsicher, wird er gekippt oder überkopf gehalten, laufen kleine Mengen aus.Das Design ist sehr schön und sehr schön lackiert.\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Stylish, and super efficient\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSlim to handle.  Lightweight.  Keeps drinks really hot. Totally leak proof.  Customer service is also quick to respond and very efficient.  Great product.\n')
('ALu', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnsere gesamte Familie ist überaus begeistert von dem thermobecher.Sowohl die Farben als auch die Form sind außergewöhnlich stilsicher und modern.Außerdem ist er in der Handhabung und Dichtigkeit perfekt.Die Kinder nutzen ihn nicht nur unterwegs, sondern sogar zu Hause am Schreibtisch.Der Service ist vorbildlich.Auf alle Fälle weiterzuempfehlen!!!\n')
('Fiona', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAyo it stayed hot all day like as in ALL day\n')
('tobias jonda', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBis jetzt alles gut :)\n')
('Iris N', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider geht die Farbe ab obwohl dort steht  Spülmaschine geeignet.  Schade\n')
('Rebecca Smith', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a great mug only been using it for a week but hasn’t leaked so far! It’s a nice design and keeps my coffee hot for hours, the longest it’s been so far is 5 hours and my coffee was still hot. Very happy with this travel mug would definitely recommend.\n')
('Dörthe', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAnbieter meldet sich per Mail, stellt sich vor um bei eventuellen Problemen seine Hilfe anzubieten! Wow ist mir auch noch nicht passiert!Zum Artikel : ist mein zweiter Becher, benutze meinen seit zwei Jahren täglich und liebe ihn!!! Der Kaffee bleibt heiss, er läuft im Rucksack nicht aus und passt in den Getränkehalter meines Rades! Außerdem sieht er gut aus und ist nahezu unzerstörbar!Den Deckel kann man bei Bedarf separat nachkaufen ( für unter 10€) was allerdings bei mir nur einmal nötig war!!!Fazit : immer wieder gern!!Habe Diesen übrigens für eine Freundin gekauft, die immer wiwder meinen Kaffeebecher bewunderte!!!\n')
('F', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to drink from just like a mug.Kept drink hot for longer than expected\n')
('emily b', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngreat quality and great product\n')
('alan doherty', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy looks great, easy to drink from, fits car cup holders and keeps coffee/tea hot. I would thoroughly recommend.\n')
('Richard Hustwit', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot found anything so far to disapprove of.  Do know that the enamel around the main body of the container can be fairly easily chipped - my daughter has owned one and this has happened to it.  However, this in no way make the drinking experience any less pleasant.\n')
('Emma', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat quality product with a very stylish design. It’s quite durable as well.It keeps your drink warm for many hours, i forgot my coffee in the car and it was still warm the next day.\n')
('Julesamd', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a gift for my husbands birthday so not used yet, but very with its sleek appearance and anti leak features I an positive my husband will love it.\n')
('alvaro barrera', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFunciona genial, aguanta mucho rato el calor!\n')
('ina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält lange und sehr gut warm.Er ist auch sehr rubust.\n')
('Yaroslava Fedoryshyna', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung und ich bin sehr begeistert er hält sehr lange warm mein Kaffee oder Tee ich Benutze ihn jeden Tag ☺\n')
('rita', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought two of these for gifts following my good experience of this cup . I have had these type of keep warm/keep cold cups before but nothing like this. It is fabulous, looks amazing and actually works. My drinks are piping hot and dont taste tinny like other cups do. I recommend this item very much you will not be disappointed.\n')
('Jacko', '4,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nPurchased 2 of these travel mugs. One for my husband and myself. Omg kept coffee very hot for over 5 hours. Perfect if you want to make your favourite hot beverage in advance if you are going out for the day,or into the office where you are unable to get these. Am looking forward to trying in the summer with chilled juices.  Can't recommend this product highly enough.\n")
('stax6557', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this travel mug 5 months ago to use on my daily commute. The mug seemed ideal and was slightly cheaper than the Thermos version I bought for my husband. However, despite only ever washing the mug by hand with hot soapy water, the outer colour has started to flake and peel off leaving the mug unsightly!I wouldn't buy this mug again abd have just placed an order for a Thermos travel mug because my husband's is much more robust and durable.\n")
('richard s.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps coffee hot all day, easy to open and close and great to drink from!!\n')
('Hühnerflüsterer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch liebe diesen Becher! Auch nach über 3 Jahren ist er noch mein täglicher Begleiter. Ohne ihn wären die morgendlichen Spaziergänge mit Kinderwagen furchtbar, da kaffeelos. Der Becher ist auf Dienstreisen schon mit mir um die halbe Welt gereist. Das Design ist schlicht und schön. Ich bin immer noch überrascht, wie lange meine Getränke darin heiß bleiben. Frisch gebrühter Tee ist auch nach 2 Stunden noch so heiß, dass man sich die Zunge verbrennt!Die Komponenten lassen sich gut reinigen. Jetzt nach über drei Jahren geht leider die Farbe ab, aber das ist nach der Zeit schon okay.Ich liebe den Becher weiterhin sehr.\n')
('Tao', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGutes Teil, sehr zufrieden\n')
('Lindsay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally happy with it! Such a nice colour, robust and keeps drinks warm for a long time! (Burnt tongue) The press down lid make it so easy to use and being able to drink from any side is amazing. Definitely recommend this brand.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug - was looking for one similar to the Nescafé Dolce Gusto mug and this is just as good. Keeps my hot drinks warm for ages (all working day is my personal best!)\n')
('woody', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt was a gift and she loves it. Was informed its the best one ever :)\n')
('D G', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSistema limpio y con buen aislamiento térmico.\n')
('MB', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBis jetzt keine Schwierigkeiten gehabt. Nichts ausgelaufen, nichts wurde kalt. Es hält die Wärme auch sehr gut, teilweise lasse ich ihn offen stehen, damit ich den Tee überhaupt trinken kann. Noch nicht für Kaffee genutzt. Kann bei manchen nicht verstehen, wie man etwas 6h heiß halten will. Für mich auch etwas realitätsfern. Lieber noch einmal frisch aufkochen, statt ein Getränk über den ganzen Arbeitstag warm zu halten.\n')
('Lee Swift', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve used this mug about a dozen times and wash it in the dishwasher as per the instructions but the colour has started flaking which is really disappointing. Other than that it’s a good mug.\n')
('Benjamin Weyland', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWow! Tolles Produkt. Bin wirklich überzeugt worden, der Artikel hält was er verspricht, er läuft nicht aus und hält warm! Zu 100% empfehlenswert.\n')
('P Pritchard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this travel cup. It works like a flask with the ease of a travel mug. The seal is strong, but make sure you put the lid on correctly! The click clack lid feels safe and secure and it is easy to operate with one hand. When this advertises to keep hot drinks hot for hours, so far I have kept a hot drink hot for almost nine hours, but then I had finished the drink! It had NOT gone cold!!I would recommend this to everyone who travels for business or/and pleasure. Those long distances are easily covered with this cup!!! And it comes in a few different colours, making it super funky too.\n')
('Mr. Oliver Dempster', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use and clean. Keeps liquids hot for a long time. And it really does not leak!\n')
('Jorge', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have searched for ages for a cup like this and it does all that I wanted it to. Best part is the lid can be taken apart to wash it properly.Brought 5 now, 3 as gifts and the recipients have brought others as gifts.Best travel mug ever.\n')
('Mrs M', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa devo ancora provare, ma la sua fattura è davvero eccellente e sembra curato tutto nei dettagli.Il tappo risulta bloccarsi in posizione aperta va aperto e sbloccato dal sotto, leggendo altri commenti ho visto che è una cosa che capita.\n')
('Jule', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n👍\n')
('Susan Begg', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is just perfect. Lovely design easy to hold and keeps your drink hot for hours, still hot 8 hours after I made it..\n')
('Karen', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat thanks\n')
('Mr Richard White', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality\n')
('Colin Fluff W', '4,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThese cups keeps your hot drinks warm for 8 hours or more\n')
('Caoimhe ', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nGreat travel mug.  Keeps my coffee piping hot for hours.  No leaking whatsoever, comfortable to drink from.  Recommended\n')
('Michel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist der beste thermobecher, der mir je in die Hände gekommen ist. Wenn ich morgens ein heißes Getränk mitnehme, dann ist es am Nachmittag noch warm. Trotzdem ich schon während des Tages daraus getrunken habe. Ich bin begeistert von den 720° Produkten. Ich habe auch andere Thermokannen von der Firma. Ich würde mir nie wieder etwas anderes kaufen als diese Produkte.LG AnDi\n')
('scott walter', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery pleased with this product, in fact my tea is too hot !\n')
('Joerg Hofmann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nInzwischen über zwei Jahre in Gebrauch. Der BESTE Thermobecher den ich je hatte. Hält STUNDENLANG warm und ist wirklich dicht!\n')
('Martin Landgraf', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFeinster Sprühnebel, der auch beim Loslassen des Hebels noch einen Moment weiter sprüht. Ich nutze es, um mich und meinen Hund bei der Hitze zu bestäuben. Herrlich. Freunde sind auch begeistert und wollen auch ständig besprüht werden.\n')
('Rob Lewis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent and beautiful travel mug. Love the ‘drink from anywhere around the whole rim’ concept and the ability to take the lid mechanism apart easily to clean it. Kept my tea hot (really properly hot) from 7.30am until after 2pm when I had my last sip.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nUltimately I had to return this item. Upon opening I realised one big problem, I couldn't tell when the lid is open/closed!As I have small kids around and I need it for my commute to work, I did not want to risk accidental spillages/burns. Otherwise, from first inspection it seems to be good quality, solid structure, a nice grippy surface and the parts separate out so they would be easy to clean.I can not say what the drinking experience would be like, if the heat is retained for a long time or if any odd tastes transfer to the liquid as I did not use it. But I can see that others could be very happy with the item, but not for me.\n")
('Marius A.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nInsgesamt ein guter Becher. Lässt sich einfach reinigen, hält den Kaffee einige Stunden warm und das Design gefällt mir sehr gut. Ich habe ihn in der Edelstahlvariante gekauft, da der Lack bei den farbigen Bechern wohl immer nach einigen Wochen bis Monaten abblättert (bei den Produkten der Konkurrenz scheint das aber genauso zu sein).Der Becher ist auslaufsicher, aber man muss zwei Dinge beachten, die aufgrund der Bauweise des Deckels unvermeidbar sind:--> Zum einen sollte man den Becher, nachdem man getrunken und den Deckel per Klick verschlossen hat, kurz auf den Kopf halten, da sich einige Tropfen Flüssigkeit im Rand sammeln können.--> Zum anderen empfiehlt es sich aufgrund des großflächigen Verschluss-Teiles, den Becher aufrecht zu transportieren. Im Vergleich zu Konkurrenzprodukten hat dieser Becher mehr "Druckfläche" zum Öffnen und Schließen, wodurch Gegenstände den Becher auch mal versehentlich öffnen können, wenn es in der Tasche oder im Rucksack drunter und drüber gehen sollte.Fazit: Ich bin sehr zufrieden mit dem Becher, v.a. was das Design und die leichte Reinigung angeht. Ich nehme ihn gerne jeden Tag mit in die Uni und würde ihn mir wieder kaufen. Aufrechter Transport ist aber trotz auslaufsicherer Konstruktion empfehlenswert.\n')
('S. Jackson ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this, first ever I’ve had a mug that doesn’t leak, and keeps your drink so warm. This is my new one ready for September’s new term as I’ve worn my other one out\n')
('Rosemary Jones', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nGenuinely surprised how long this keeps my coffee hot for, easy to drink from well worth buying. More expensive than my past cups but worth every penny\n')
('Rolf T.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Deckel ist schon kaputt, habe ihn nichtige benutzt, erst war das Gummi verrutscht dann ist der Deckel auseinander gefallen und das bei nur vorsichtiger Handwäsche kann ich überhaupt nicht empfehlen\n')
('Jeffrey Hewton', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo easy to clean,just twist inside of lid and cones apart easily.Does not leak,pop in your bag with no worries of paperwork getting damaged and am loving the easy click down and drink from ay angle.So many travel mugs litter my cupboars but this is now my practical trustworthy go to mug ,so pleased with it,does what it claims.\n')
('lynne whitford', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve been looking for a good thermos for ages, and this is a very good investment: So easy to clean and keeps liquid hot all day, so much so i have to let it cool before putting the lid on!\n')
('Baz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mugs , although one of the two was faulty it wasn’t a problem.... very quick friendly customer service , new item shipped and refunded very quick !\n')
('Darryl Sampson', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI picked this travel mug after reading the reviews and I’m glad I did! Worth every penny. My coffee is still hot 3 hours after pouring. Completely leak proof and can hold around two coffees!\n')
('Ciaran', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot the cheapest mug available but definitely very high quality and a great buy.\n')
('Sarah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchade das es diesen ToGo Becher nicht in 350ml Größe gibt ..... ansonsten bin ich sehr zufrieden damit.\n')
('S. H.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBisher bin ich echt zufrieden mit dem Becher.Er sieht sehr gut aus, ist gut zu reinigen und er hält den Inhalt lange heiß.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps coffee hot for most of the day, best cup of its type by a country mile\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCan't fault this travel mug. For our family, it has passed on all points with flying colours. Just brilliant!!\n")
('Kim Botwright', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWow what a brilliant cup I make my coffee at 6am and it is still warm at 4pm when I eventually get to finish it .No leaks at all even when I dropped it such a good buy would highly recommend it\n')
('Anne Harvey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngood product at the beginning of use.  now the spill protection lid opens easily in the bag because I have already flooded it 3 times.  I am very disappointed with this product.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nShocking. For the money spent I was expecting so much more. The mechanism when you press to open/close failed after a couple of uses.\n')
('Andrea Kaiser', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTut was er soll. Läuft nicht aus, lässt sich super reinigen und hält da Getränk warm oder auch kalt, bei kalten Getränken\n')
('Polo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält warm und ist dicht - alles super .\n')
('Gay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTakes a bit of getting use to, only small amount comes out when in use, nose rubs on the lid!\n')
('Mrs L C Hill', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely looking cup that keeps my cup of tea nice and hot for a long time.\n')
('Caryn Morant', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGot it for my 11 year old daughter for school so leakproof really important  She loves the easy to open lid which keeps it neat with no hinge to break Drink stays hot and looks great aswell\n')
('Fiona Forsythe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use this product everyday when I am at work. I highly recommend this product.\n')
('milke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was es verspricht.\n')
('Lisanne Horn', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher ist super, hält dich und sehr lange warm und auch kalt.Ich bin bisher super zufrieden mit dem Becher gewesen.Allerdings ist nun der Deckel kaputt, die Druckfunktion geht nicht mehr. Ich kann den Becher noch öffnen, zum Schließen muss ich ihn einmal aufdrehen und von innen den unteren Teil des Deckels wieder nach oben drücken. Sehr schade, denn dadurch ist der Becher nicht mehr nutzbar... Immerhin gibt es einen Ersatzdeckel einzeln zu kaufen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOutstanding travel cup! Leak proof, drink from any position, keeps drink hot or cold for hours.  Fits perfectly in any cup holder in either of the family cars. Fell over- not a drop spilled. Not having to rotate the mug to drink from makes this super safe and let's me keep my eyes on the road. Highly recommend A+\n")
('ursula wagner', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Kaffeebecher bleibt über Stunden heiß. Die erst 4 Stunden sogar kaum trinkbar so heiß.Ich kann ihn echt empfehlen. Er ist mir auch noch nie ausgelaufen.\n')
('T. Phuong', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt became my favourite mug and I use it daily, perfect quality, keeps my drink warm almost all day .Spill proof and looks so elegant\n')
('wicam', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTravel Mug\n')
('Gina', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gute Form.... Hält sehr lange die Temperatur besser als der EMSA Thermobecher! Der übrigens auch sehr den Spülmaschinen Geruch angenommen hat. Dieser Becher ist deutlich schlanker und liegt gut in der Hand der Trinkrand ist auch sehr gut und nimmt nur wenig Geruch der Spülmaschine an. Das die Farbe in der SPÜLMASCHINE abging ist wirklich schwach. Nun gut, jetzt hat er Edelstahl Optik.\n')
('Angel', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the perfect travel mug. I have had quite a few travel mugs in the past that have leaked and so I was quite dubious that this one wouldn’t. But due to the lid design this one never leaks and it keeps your coffee warm all morning. I liked it that much I bought two so that I could alternate colours.\n')
('Sarah Casey', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI left this in my car once for my entire 14 hour shift.  When I emptied it is was STILL hot!!!  Very impressed\n')
('Jhonatan', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI really like this travel flask. The stainless steel body seems sturdy, the fact that you can drink from it without needing a separate cup is very useful and it keeps my coffee warm from 8 in the morning to well after lunch time. Highly recommended.\n')
("Jack O'Regan", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for ages, good sealing lid and solid construction.\n')
('bryan milko', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKlare Kauf-Empfehlung. Es ist bereits mein 2. Thermobecher von 720 Degree. Der schwarze ist leider zerkratzt, daher habe ich mich dieses Mal für silber entschieden. Der Becher hält meinen Kaffee über viele Stunden heiß und ist optisch ein echter Hingucker. Außerdem ist er relativ schmal im Vergleich zu anderen Thermobechern, so dass er gut in den Getränkehalter im Auto passt. Ich würde mich immer wieder für diesen Becher entscheiden. Er ist definitiv sein Geld wert.\n')
('Marcos ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely  the  best travel mug ever!i actually  think this is the best travel mug u have ever come  across  so I bought a second one... my husband has bad grip  and dropped  it a couple  of times  and still works perfectly  lol  no leaks  keeps hot for hours infact all night!\n')
('J A Blackwell', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\ni bought this as a gift for my son who travels hundreds of miles a week. i have waited for him to use it before putting up review and i am pleased to say its actually does what it says. easy to drink from with out leakage and being rather sceptical on if it retain heat, yes it did ,still hot! not warm after 5 Hours so yes i would recommend.You Pay for what you get, not cheap but it works.\n')
('Joselyn/Cristian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat capacity travel mug, looks snazzy, keeps drinks very hot, no leaks and it's easy to clean. This is replacing a glass travel mug which lasted 3 years before smashing and I hope this will last me even longer :)\n")
('Miss Shona Wight', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese cups are superb. They are quite pricey but worth every penny. Its like a never ending cup of coffee that stays hot all morning. The lid design is brilliant and easy to use and absolutely leak proof. Wouldnt hesitate to recommend.Update: Very disappointing to see after a couple of months of use that the outer blue coating is starting to chip off and within another month or two the cup is going to look very messy with lots of chipped paint on the outside. Still a great cup but for 20 quid I would expect better finish.\n')
('Dominique', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieses Produkt ist sehr gut. Kaffee hält sich stundenlang warm. Es ist auch sehr schön.\n')
('Larna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFor coffee on the go it is great...stays hot for 6 hours...only thing it is a tad expensive so 4 stars but as a usable unit top marks.\n')
('Kathryn C', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this product as a gift it is a lovely classy looking item, exactly as described.\n')
('Sarah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach nur toll! Hält dicht und den Tee oder Kaffee für unterwegs auf wirklich warm. Man kann den Deckel bzw. Trinkaufsatz komplett auseinander montieren, somit kann man anders als bei anderen Anbietern wirklich alles gut säubern.Wenn noch es nich einen kleiner Cup gebe 100ml zb würde ich den auch sofort bestellen, für den espresso für unterwegs.Danke und sehr gerne wieder!\n')
('Kat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReceived quickly, have not used it yet as it is a Christmas present for someone. Appears To be of excellent quality.\n')
('wendy matthews', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best thermal cup I have ever owned. It keeps hot drinks hot for longer. Easy to drink from, comfortable in your hand. You can buy a replacement lid even. The cup will not go to waste when the lid malfunctions.A real "Pleasure To Go"Highly recommended.\n')
('Clare', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for ages. Easy to clean\n')
('AMEL MADI', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExcellent - considerably better than the competitor (one click cup) as this one doesn't break and is easier to clean.\n")
('Anirban Dey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles in allem eine recht guter Becher. Aber die Beschichtung hat schon schnell winkewinke gemacht.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this mug. Keeps things hot and totally leak proof.\n')
('Mark V.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug - not leaky and keeps hot drinks warm for hours and hours. I’ve made hot drinks in the morning that we’re still hot in the afternoon in this mug. 450ml is also a good generous capacity for longer days / journeys. Other positives - modest diameter means it fits into smaller cup holders that you find in some cars; and lid unscrews into separate components and allows you to clean it easily and then reassemble. I bought this particular one as a gift having already bought and used another for a year and which is still going strong.\n')
('Sana Malik', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nUnbelievable. That's the best word to describe this cup. I ABSOLUTELY love it! I make my coffee at 7 am before I go to work,at midday, 12pm IT IS STILL HOT!!!!! here is the clincher though, if you pour a beer straight from the fridge into it, close the lid, then completely forget about it for two hours like me... when you go back and open the lid, it's as if you have poured it moments ago. No gas loss whatsoever and still freezing cold. I dont use cups from the cupboard at home anymore. Only this one. I am going to buy another one every month until I've got 6! (for when friends or family visit in the summer) worth every penny!\n")
('Saskia', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfekter Thermobecher\n')
('Kerstin Froemter', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMein täglicher Begleiter\n')
('Katharina Ahrens', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSieht toll aus und macht was er soll\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nStylish, but slightly expensive cup. Looks great, pretty leak proof, but I don't use for travel very often so not many opportunities to actually leak. Keeps coffee very warm, does what it says. You can drink from any area of the lip of the cup rather than aiming for a small hole like a takeaway cup. Enjoy.\n")
('Elisa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product, well built, ease to use and clean, would recommend to anyone wanting to be environmentally friendly and daily coffee drinkers\n')
('Franz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schön, 100% auslaufsicher, leicht zu reinigen\n')
('moppi33', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe schon lange einen passenden Thermo Becher für das Auto gesucht. Dieser passt und trägt nicht zu sehr nach oben auf. Bei anderen Modellen hat man immer das Problem, dass die Mittelarm Lehne im Weg ist... Hält fast den ganzen Arbeitstag warm.\n')
('fena', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBis lang der beste Thermobecher den ich hatte.Er hält wirklich sehr lange heiß, durch seine schlanke Form liegt er gut in der Hand und vorallem, er hält dicht.Das einzigste was eventuell noch verbessert werden könnte wäre eine anti Rutschbeschichtung unter dem Becher.Kann ihn nur Empfehlen\n')
('Thomas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolle Erfindung, man kann immer draußenTrinken ohne zu schauen wo die Nase ist.Sieht super aus und hält Warmgetränkelange heiss.\n')
('K.Jehle', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin mega happy mit dem Becher! Er ist wirklich zu 100% dicht, mein Tee oder Kaffee hält auch locker 5 Std warm. Und an das trinken mit 360grad gewöhnt man sich sehr schnell. Einmal Klick und ab in die Tasche. Und diese bleibt sauber\n')
('Jason Griffiths.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLike this, the Pop up lid is much better than a couple of holes which get blocked easily. Comfortable to hold, fits in my car cup holder. Hot water drinks stay very hot, milky drinks a little less so but this is normal.  UPDATE: had to throw this away after 4 months use as it's impossible to clean inside the lid mechanism. Black mould accumulated around the teeth and spring seal which I couldn't clean even with a brush or bleach.  A shame as I thought this was really good at first. Back to the search...\n")
('LadyLune', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNicht gerade günstig dieser Becher, aber er ist Dicht und sieht gut aus. Des Weiteren ist er leicht zu säubern. Würde ihn weiterempfehlen.\n')
('FSHase', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGröße/ Gewicht und Warmhaltevermögen passen sehr gutEmpfehlenswert\n')
('AlexJH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAfter 6 hours still hot, so if you're a sipper on the morning commute, it's likely to be too hot to do so on an hour or even 2 hour journey. You will need to experiment on the starting temperature of your favourite beverage. Pop up and down lid good for sipping but don't gulp it will be all down your front! It's very difficult to know whether it's open or closed also on filling with hot liquid pressure can build and make the first pop open feel like the lid has broken. All that said it is great at doing what is needed ... just be careful. :-)\n")
('Sacha Little', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot drinks warm for hours\n')
('Katharina Samol', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZur Lieferung: Produkt kam pünktlich an.Zum Produkt:Ich hatte schon einige Thermobecher die letzten 2 Jahre gekauft und alle sind nach einer Zeit undicht geworden. Diesmal habe ich mich für das Produkt von 720 DGREE entschieden.Design sieht sehr gut aus wie ich finde. 450 ml reichen mir für mein Kaffee am Morgen auch wirklich aus. Der Thermobecher macht ein sehr stabilen Eindruck und ganz wichtig, jetzt wo ich den Thermobecher schon seit ca. 7 Monate fast täglich nutze, muss ich sagen das er 100% Auslaufsicher ist. Man merkt allein schon beim verschrauben des Deckels wie dicht das ganze ist.Fazit: Design Top. Auslaufsicher! Inhalt ausreichend. Preis Leistung 100% sein Geld wert.Ich würde den Becher weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHusband had this for christmas is really chuffed to bits he has a 45min drive to work and was still hot in his break 5hrs later a happy man here\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBellissima e comodissima! La porto sempre con me in ufficio.. preparo l’acqua bollente alle 7 e alle 6 la sera quando torno è ancora caldo!!! State attenti quando la usate appena messa l’acqua perché mi son scottata la lingua! Comunque super consigliato, si può anche inclinare ma non perde niente.\n')
('mǐxiàāiěr', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer beste Kaffeebecher, den ich je hatte.Hält sehr lange heiß! Das beste an dem Becher: Lässt sich super reinigen.\n')
('Der Wächter', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nsie tropft nicht nach ....alle meine becher haben nach dem trinken immer noch was oben drin was dann in die tasche läuft! hier kein tropfen! wärmeleistung kann ich nicht berwerten da ich sie nach 3 stunden eh leer hab und da ist alles super! kann ich empfehlen!\n')
('Maria V.', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', "\n\n\n\n\n                    Die Medien konnten nicht geladen werden.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Da subito si apprezza una buona solidità del prodotto, design minimalista. Il colore è più chiaro rispetto alle foto presentate ma cmq non mi dispiace, anche messo a testa in giù e sbatacchiato il thermos ha un'ottima tenuta stagna!Da valutare ancora la tenuta del caldo ma non credo ci siano sorprese visto la chiusura ermetica e la fattura del prodotto.Fichissima l'apertura/chiusura One touch che aiuta a non far fuoriuscire il calore dall'interno favorendo  il mantenimento della temperatura della bevanda sia calda che fredda.Credevo fosse più piccolo dalle foto ma alla fine è comunque una giusta misura per portare una tazza e mezza di liquidi o quel che si voglia, Jonathan consiglia 😜👍\n")
('Daniel Czeczemski', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher liegt gut in der Hand und die 360° Trinköffnung ist spitze. Es läuft beim Trinken nichts daneben, der Verschluss ist sicher und es läuft auch in geschlossenem Zustand nichts aus. Heißgetränke bleiben mind. 1 Stunde sehr heiß, und über mehrere Stunden trinkbar warm. Bin sehr zufrieden. Habe zwei Becher im Gebrauch und würde bei Bedarf wieder neu kaufen. Bislang sind aber keine Mängel aufgetreten, daher kein Neukauf erforderlich. Würde ich auch jederzeit als Geschenk empfehlen.\n')
('Jooli', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use mine every day to travel to work and to refill at work. It is completely leak proof and keeps my morning coffee warm from 6am until way after lunch so even if I’ve forgotten to drink it then I can pick it up much later in the day.It’s easy to disassemble the cap for cleaning but staining does build up at the base of the cup which is harder to clean.The paint does begin to come off after a few knocks but the functionality is unchanged. Would defiantly recommend.\n')
('Dermot', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely design, kept my coffee warm for 8 hrs so far. I’m a nurse and most of the time we don’t get to drink a hot drink. Always cold by the time I get to it, was lovely to have a hot drink anytime I needed through my shift. And in a quick snatch, no looking for which side to drink from. Highly recommend, even bought another.\n')
('Fran', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am so far happy with this mug. It keep my drink warm for all day long. The one click lid is easy to use and drink and it doesn’t leak! of course when the lid shut. It slim style body design make it easy to hold and the size just perfect. Neither too small nor too big . It enough giving you 2cups of coffee a day.\n')
('Federica', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUse this for my early lectures and it keeps my coffee warm all day\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe best materials, easy to clean doesn't smell bad and I have put even soup on it !! Good stuff!\n")
('Mario Mrtns', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nfülle abends um 21:00 Uhr ein Heißgetränk deiner Wahl in den Becher um den Inhalt morgens um 06:30 in angenehmer Trinktemperatur im Zug (oder wo auch immer) genießen zu können.Die versprochenen 5 Stunden stimmen definitiv - Verarbeitung und Qualität ist Top - die Trinköffnung mehr als nur praktisch (wer schraubt heute noch eine Tasse ab um diese dann umständlich füllen zu müssen...?)für Tee/Kaffeeliebhaber mit Umweltbewusstsein ein MUSS!\n')
('Adam B.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAguanta el calor durante horas.\n')
('Joshua P.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAfter realising my thermos branded travel mug was harbouring filth inside the mouth piece (lid was one piece couldn't open it to deep clean it) I looked for replacement this cup was high on the amazon list and whist close to double the price of some cups I can genuinely see why. The lid comes apart into 3 pieces which is a dream to clean. My old cup would keep my coffee hot for about hour and a half. This one is past 5 hours and after 5 hours it's still hot just not boiling so drink cautiously! (not tested it for longer yet) the colours are beautiful and the rubber base is more effective than I expected even someone as clumsy as me hasnt knocked it over yet!  Best thing yet they say leak proof on add and every travel mug I've used that states that lies. This is leak proof! It's a really great mug!. The company is also super nice after my order they took the time to email me to make sure they said thank you for my purchase\n")
('Francesco Studio GSL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good at its job, the lid can be a bit fiddly to open so you can drink from It.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hatte den Becher erst für meinen Freund gekauft, aber dann nach dem ersten Benutzen war ich so begeistert, dass ich mir auch einen bestellt habe. Sieht gut aus, hält warm, ist dicht, obwohl ich dazu sagen muss dass ein kleiner Tropfen der sich zwischen Behälter und Deckel sammelt erst abgegossen/abgetrunken werden muss, bevor man den Becher in die Tasche werfen kann. Aber es ist nur ein Tropfen und wenn man richtig abtrinkt ist da gar keiner. Der Verschluss ist einfach zu öffnen und zu schließen, ab und zu muss man einen kleinen Unterdruck lösen, aber dann funktioniert es perfekt. Ich finde den Becher prima und man schont die Umwelt, ausserdem ist er leicht auseinander baubar und daher gut zu reinigen.\n')
('JulesG', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI go on long walks with a pram and halfway through the walk I need/want a coffee. This travel mug is superb (2 babies later i've tried a few!) First thing i did when it arrived is fill it with water and turn upside down - not a drop came out! I can make my coffee and chuck it under the pram or into the changing bag and not worry about having to keep it upright. I would say this is a thermos and a travel mug in one. Insulation is great. The lid dismantles into 3 parts, making it possible to give it a good clean so you don’t end up with a lingering smell. This mug has paid for itself in about a fortnight with all the coffees i'm not buying when out! Can’t fault this product.\n")
('pb', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist der beste Thermobecher den ich je hatte.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Thermobecher isg mit Abstand der beste, den ich je hatte. Er hält meinen Kaffee sehr lang heiß, ist schön groß und auslaufsicher. Auch ist die Bedienung zum öffnen sehr simpel und schlau gelöst. Ein hervorragender Kundenservice rundet den Kauf perfekt ab. Ich bin absolut zufrieden und kann den Thermobecher nur wärmstens empfehlen! :)\n')
('CB', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch war schon lange auf der Suche nach einem Thermobecher, den ich nicht stehend in meiner Tasche transportieren muss und dann trotzdem noch Angst haben muss, dass er ausläuft. Den Inhalt warm halten sollte er natürlich auch. Hier läuft nix aus und die Getränke sind nach 4-5 Stunden noch warm. Im Vergleich zu anderen Bechern nehmen die Getränke auch nicht den Geschmack vom Material an. Hatte zuerst wegen dem hohen Preis überlegt, aber lieber 1x etwas mehr ausgeben, als dann doch immer wieder günstige Becher kaufen, die nicht halten, was sie versprechen.\n')
('BEATRIZ JUSTO', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\n1st impressions? This is well made. Go through all the reviews and you will see that the coloured versions seem to be sprayed and that is not durable (the spray comes off). If how it looks is important to you, buy the stainless steel one with no spray coating to come off. I have a 2017 BMW and a 2020 Volvo. This doesn't sit that well in the cup holders of either car. in that it leans slightly and moves slightly with car motion. My previous mugs (other brands) fitted perfectly. You push the top with one finger to pop it slightly down or up to close or open. So that is easy and safe to manage in a car. Other reviews will confirm if something presses against it (if you are carrying it in a bag), it will open and drink will come out. So, in my view, not suitable to use as a flask in a bag with other things. Back to car use, I found heat retention very good and it kept my coffee nice and hot. I can't tell you how many hours (because I drank my coffee!) but other reviews are very positive about keeping drinks hot or cold for long periods (many hours). When you drink from it, I would say the flow is like sipping a drink. I found that a bit frustrating because I wanted more coffee in one go (and you have to 'sip' for a while to get that). On the other hand, some people will like that an advantage given the drink may be very hot or very cold. Overall, I would say this is a very good mug in terms of thermal qualities, but if you are not one to sip a drink, it may not be for you. As I mentioned, I'm also disappointed it isn't a snug fit in either my BMW or Volvo drinks holders. I have just ordered another though so I can alternate when one is in the dishwasher. So I guess that says I'm just about prepared to compromise on fit and dispense qualities to keep my coffee hot.\n")
('April', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI work in the hospital and anybody else who does knows how hard it is to actually drink a hot tea or coffee as your constantly busy however this travel mug keeps my coffee hot for up to 2 hours. Easy to use easy to clean and comfortable to carry about I love it.\n')
('Val C.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this for my wife and she loves it. It keeps her coffee hot for hours, the only niggle is the red paint is starting to peel off around the top.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch liebe diesen Thermobecher.Er begleitet mich täglich. Außerdem hat er Platz in meiner Handtasche durch die schlanke Form,was sehr praktisch für mich ist. Auf jeden Fall werde ich diesen Thermobecher weiter empfehlen.B.D.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nGuter Kaffeebecher, brutal heiß! Aber der Deckel hat so seine Macken. Mit Geduld kein Problem\n')
('Dale', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps fluid hot for long periods off time. Hard to clean lid as it just pops up\n')
('Patricia Wilcox', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPretty pleased with this mug. I have had many and most of them leak at some point but not this one. It also keeps the beverages hot for a long time and in good quantity.\n')
('Adrian Vieth', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr behaltet lange warm die Getrinke.Stabil und schön mudelisiert.\n')
('Kindle Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product, good quality.  Just a little fiddly to clean the lid but all very hygienic 🙂\n')
('RR', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchöner to  Go Kaffee-oder Teebecher. Hält seinen Inhalt schön warm. Nicht in die Spülmaschine tun. Die Außenseite zeigt nach wenigen Wochen allerdings schon kratzspuren u aus schwarz wird Silber. Das tut aber der Funktion keinen Abbruch. Die Gummis im Deckel muss man tgl mit der abwaschbürste schrubben und hinterher schön trocknen lassen, damit es nicht anfängt zu schimmeln.\n')
('Spar Andreas', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr hochwertige Verarbeitung. Eine heiße Flüssigkeit bleibt über Stunden heiß und das ohne jeden Verlust. Das Putzen ist durch den Ausbau des Verschlusses bissl umständlich aber notwendig. Super Thermoskanne!\n')
('Martina Graé', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Produkt ist sehr Praktisch, Hält die wärme sehr Lang, Qualität ist super und Pries ist auch OK aber es ist nicht einfach zu Reinigen .wurde Trotzden weiter empfehlen .\n')
('Werner Kormann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Material,  endlich ein Becher, der dicht verschließt!\n')
('julie b.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps drinks warm and doesn't leak once you shake out the drink from the cap.Easy to clean, thanks to being able to take the top apart.\n")
('Abjamsmum', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nbought in prep for cold morning dog walks. Made a cup of tea, left it in the amug and returned every 30 mins.... 3 hrs later it was still hot to drink.Great Product 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼\n')
('Geo 1500', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nVery nice cup, not leaking, my coffee stays hot for a long time, very satisfied with my purchase, don't hesitate to order this product !!\n")
('Merih Senözlüler', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch benutze diesen Artikel seit einigen Wochen und nehme ihn überall hin mit .Er ist sehr robust und angenehm im Gebrauch. Für mich würde keine Alternative mehr in frage kommen 5/5 Sternen ! Sehr gut , Danke\n')
('Anna Kuhnke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZweimal bis jetzt benutzt und direkt zufrieden. Sieht toll aus und hält sehr gut warm bzw. heiß.Ist Stand jetzt definitiv zu empfehlen, auch wenn es günstigere Modelle gibt\n')
('Milissa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought 3 of these mugs at Christmas time  (in different colours) for family stocking fillers, as we travel a lot with work and in our leisure time and whilst I thought they were a bit pricey at the time of purchase - I now realise they are worth every penny.They are:- stylish to look at- easy to hold- the drink stays hot for 8 hours- easy to clean (the lid can be dismantled for washing)- practicalfunctional… the list goes on.Would definitely recommend. A top product. Thank you 😊\n')
('Janet Fraser', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely outstanding product!! I now have purchased 5 of these... 3 gifts and 2 for myself.. can’t praise this enough! Great design.. easy to hold. seals beautifully, great colours and keeps drinks hot for 5+ hours. I highly recommend!! Only negative thing... they’re rather expensive.. but I guess you pay for the best quality!\n')
('billiefan#1', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWhilst these are stylish, functional and effective coffee mugs, with an easy opening lid, we’ve been disappointed that for such a premium product the colour finish has started to come off after 5 months\n')
('Klaus Schmelter', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den Kaffeebecher bestellt weil ich schon lange zwei Uberbottles von 720Dgree habe und von denen begeistert bin! Leider ist der Kaffeebecher nicht so perfekt verarbeitet wie die Flaschen es sind. Ich habe ihn jetzt an die zehn mal benutzt und die Farbe springt unten schon ab. Das der Deckel zum reinigen auseinander zu nehmen ist war einer meiner Bestellgründe und es funktioniert auch ganz gut. Alles recht filigran, ich hoffe er hält so lang wie die Flaschen... Eine große Überraschung ist die Fähigkeit alles stundenlang heiß zu halten. Heißt ich verbrenne mir nach vier Stunden immer noch den Mund an heißem Tee xD deswegen mache ich den Deckel immer ab wenn ich trinken will und lasse ihn ein paar Minuten so stehen, dann geht es. Wenn ich morgens los gehe und nachmittags in der Uni einen heißen grünen Tee möchte ohne viel Geld in der Mensa zu lassen ist der Becher perfekt!\n')
('me', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy contento con este producto, mantiene el líquido muy caliente durante MUCHAS horas. Diseño bonito.\n')
('maybrey', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug. Keeps any drinks really hot for hours, the mug fell on its side closed but it did leak. I was drinking the last of my drink when it came out of the sides and down my clothes, this is probably my fault.I would definitely recommend and buy again.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic travel mug which genuinely keeps drinks really hot for hours.\n')
('Linsey Byrne', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nCool colours. great for chucking in my backpack\n')
('Florian Harbert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hatte den Becher in Silber für meinen Mann gekauft. - Theoretisch ein toller Becher, der gut warm hält, schick ist und auslaufsicher war (wenn man nicht mal wieder den Klick-Verschluss vergessen hatte...). Allerdings ist der Becher vor ein paar Tagen beim Spielen mit dem Nachwuchs runter gefallen (keine extreme Höhe oder besondere Beschleunigung) und läßt sich seitdem nicht mehr öffnen. Damit ist es ein Totalausfall.\n')
('Mario Potthast', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist ein echter Hingucker, sind edel aus und ist einfach zum gerne benutzen gemacht. Er ist absolut dicht und mein täglicher Begleiter. Auch ein Umfallen lässt meinen Inhalt im Becher und nicht auslaufen!!! 5 STERNE!!! Und jederzeit wieder.\n')
('Markus B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält echt sehr lange warm! Angenehmes TrinkgefühlNachtrag: leider verfärbt sich der Becher nach wenigen Verwendungen innen drin (Benutzung für Kaffee und Tee)\n')
('sue', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSlightly heavy but solid\n')
('mini', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchickes Design. Hält super lange heiß.\n')
('John Donagh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee very hot and my frappe very cold\n')
('Carmen K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält Kaffee und Tee während über Stunden hinweg warm. Verschluss ist dicht, durch das Klicksystem einfach zu trinken. Reinigung ist einfach, Verschluss auseinander zu nehmen was ich sehr als Vorteil sehe. Becher von der Größe super zu halten, die Gummierung unten top, dadurch kein verrutschen. Der Beste Thermobecher bisher. Teilweise bleibt der Tee zu lange zu heiß, dass ich erstmal offen stehen lasse.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe seals are starting to go after about 6 months of daily use. Not unexpected  just disappointing. The rubber base has prevented SO many spills. As with most of these cups the lid is not dishwasher safe and the narrowness of the cup means the dishwasher doesn't clean all of the way up. It also makes it difficult for those of us with big hands to manually clean.\n")
('Me', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nGreat quality, easy to clean and fits in car holder.\n')
('Maggie j', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDon’t know if it’s me but I found it really difficult to open and because maybe I didn’t close it properly it didn’t seem to keep my water hot. Very disappointed really too fiddly for me sorry.\n')
('Herbert K', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBereits nach wenigen r Spülgängen (in der Maschine) löste sich die Farbe des Bechers.Bei 2 von 3 Bechern war der Deckel bereits nach 3 Monaten defekt.Thermoleistung und Tropfsicherheit sind sehr gut. Dennoch, nicht wirklich zu empfehlen.\n')
('Der Zett', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält Mega lange warm, liegt gut in der Hand und hat eine tolle Optik.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nFinally a flask that delivers all it promises! Need I say more!\n')
('Sian', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a fantastic product, far better than any other travel mug I've had in the past, very straightforward to use and keeps the drink piping hot as promised!\n")
('Max', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider löst sich nach anderthalb Jahren die Lackschicht auf beiden bestellten Bechern.Sieht wüst und billig aus.\n')
('Anthony Smith', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this product  before Christmas and have been hugely impressed. Sleek design and excellent quality. Keeps coffee pipping hot and has not leaked. Friends have commented on it and have asked for the brand. A great investment.\n')
('Jason hartshorn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps warm for hiurs\n')
('Traveltinker', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nder Thermobecher hält, was er verspricht.\n')
('Isa Natural Cream', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with this mug, easy to drink from and mess free and fits perfectly in the pram cup holder (being leak proof really important for me here)\n')
('Stefan Käsweber', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst ein sehr guter Thermobecher hält den Kaffee für gute vier Stunden auf Trinktemperatur. Der Verschluss ist gut zu reinigen man kann ihn Zerlegen. Man kann gut aus ihm Trinken da Luft nachströmt. Ist bis jetzt mein bester Becher.\n')
('Mrs R', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally love the travel mug. Very classy and practical and it keeps coffee warm for hours!Only down side is it can potentially drip a few drops of liquid when closed from time to time but it’s next to nothing so it really isn’t a big deal. Just don’t leave it in a bag with your laptop. Or at least put it in a plastic bag just in case.Quality item overall.\n')
('Adele', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExactly as advertised. Purchased for my wife, who is thrilled. The click and release function to close or open the cup for drinking can be used one-handed - superb.\n')
('Mr. Stephen Dracup', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery easy to use but do remember to close the top once you’ve had a drink or you will get wet! We both like them very much.\n')
('Sara Z.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Becher im September 2020 gekauft. Drei Monate mit 3 Benutzungen später sieht er so aus.Außerdem ist es nicht ersichtlich ob der Becher offen oder geschlossen ist. Das ist nervig beim Autofahren. Daher nur 1 Stern.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch muss zuerst sagen, dass ich meine Bestellung storniert habe, da ich einen geschenkt bekommen habe. Nur in einer anderen Farbe.Aber kommen wir zum ursprünglichen.Tolles Produkt, hält warme Getränke wirklich sehr warm. Ich habe es sogar geschafft, meine heissen Kaffee morgens sogar nach sehr warm am Nachmittag zu probieren. Ich war überrascht.Defintiv auslaufsicher. Leicht zu reinigen. Selber den Kopf /Deckel kann man wunderbar reinigen.Kein verrutschen da eine Antirutschmatte untendrunter ist.In allem wirklich ein sehr guter Thermobecher der hält was er verspricht.Zugleich ist das Material gut und sauber verarbeitet.\n')
('Helen', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSturdy and stylish, used in the office and in the hills, keeps my lemon tea hot for hour's, would recommend it!!!\n")
('Tina Schermer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMir geht es wie einigen Rezensenten hier: Das Design ist schön. Aber der Deckel funktionierte von Anfang an schwergängig.  Schon nach wenigen Benutzungen (immer mit Milchkaffee) war er kein bisschen mehr auslaufsicher, sondern saute regelmäßig die Bürotasche usw. voll und es handelte sich hierbei auch nicht nur um "ein paar Schlucke", die sich vielleicht noch in dem Deckel befanden vom Trinken, sondern um den Kaffee aus dem Innenraum. Jetzt, nach kaum 2 Wochen Benutzung, ist der Deckelmechanismus defekt (öffnet und schließt nicht mehr richtig) und der Becher somit unbrauchbar. Für den Preis vollkommen inakzeptabel.\n')
('Lothar Eich', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTotal nutzlos. Ist nicht dicht.\n')
('Meike F.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGood product at all, but pricey. The system to open and close is a little too wider. If you're not careful, it can spill beside your lips when you start to drink. It hold for around 4 hours liquids warm. Good looking,\n")
('Bernhild holm', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sehr lange warm.\n')
('Mrs L D', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love this mug but I use it to keep my drinks hot for only a short while so if your looking for something that will keep your drink hot for hours I don't think this will do it but as a coffee to work goes its fab. Easy to drink from, the flow of drink is minimised so you can't burn yourself accidentally. Too be honest I haven't turned up side down yet so I'm not sure how leakproof it is but it's easy to hold and had a really good non slip bottom and it hasn't leaked at all when drinking from it. All in all a good travel mug! Oh and great colours!\n")
('H. A. Wellesley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s beautiful the blue is so amazing and so easy to drink from\n')
('Pia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHat mir so gut gefallen, dass ich es nun noch ein 3. & 4. Mal in einer anderen Farbe kaufen werde.Tolles Design - Hochwertige Verarbeitung. Rundum zufrieden :-)\n')
('Britt.D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch suchte einen Thermobecher für die Arbeit um den Kaffee auch später noch warm trinken zu können. Ich habe den Becher jeden Tag in Benutzung und kann bestätigen 4-6 Stunden später ist der Kaffee noch trinkfähig ( nicht kalt).\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’m a gardener. I’ve has thermal cups before but they don’t stay hot. Usually because of the lid, Maybe keeps warm for an hour. This one lasted from 8am till 2 and was still warm then. Because of the push down lid It’s keeps it hot nearly all day. Be nice in the summer for cold drinks. Perfect!\n')
('Linda', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach toll, auslaufsicher, hält lange warm und es ist leicht zu reinigen.... Es lohnt sich auf jeden Fall das Geld zu investieren!\n')
('maikfesterling', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar angfangs etwas skeptisch, ob auch alles so ist, wie beschrieben. Ja, die Flasche läuft nicht aus und hält wirklich lange warm! Das war mir sehr wichtig und beides trifft zu. Nur sollte man grundsätzlich die Flasche senkrecht transportieren, um einen versehentlichen Druck auf das Ventil zu vermeiden, zB durch ein Buch etc.\n')
('jonathan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt broke unfixable after few weeks of using\n')
('jr', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält die Getränke wie versprochen lange heiß bzw kalt und liegt toll in der Hand!Leider 2 Sterne Abzug, da die schwarze Farbe sehr schnell abgeblättert ist (nach der ersten Benutzung), trotzdem er immer nur mit der Hand abgewaschen wurde und der Becher nun extrem unschön aussieht.  Würde ihn nicht nochmal in schwarz bestellen.Update: nach 5 Monaten normaler Benutzung und Säuberung nur per Hand, sieht der Becher wirklich furchtbar aus....\n')
('Ashley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant product does exactly as it says “on the tin” and look good too!\n')
('Julie Gamblen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWhen ordering this cup I hadn’t realised it had a special lid. When I realised how it worked I was happy with the result.\n')
('kilian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält prinzipiell, was er verspricht - den Kaffee warm.Leider funktioniert der Schließmechanismus im Deckel jedoch nicht mehr, obwohl das Produkt erst vor zwei Monaten erworben und sehr sorgsam behandelt wurde.Eine Kontaktaufnahme zum Verkäufer ist mir nicht möglich, daher sehr enttäuschend. Ein Umtausch gegen ein neuwertiges Gegenstück  wäre angebracht.\n')
('Roger', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPush lid broke after a few months and is now unusable.\n')
('robert karolyi', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe schon eine lange Zeit mit der Suche nach Thermobechern verbracht, die zum einen ein ansprechendes Design haben und zum anderen dicht sind, sodass ich den Becher auch mal eben in die Tasche stecken kann und nicht direkt alles voller Kaffeeflecken ist. Zudem hat mir die Art des Verschluss sehr zugesagt, da einfach und problemlos zu benutzen.Leider ist dieser Becher alles andere als dicht und der Kundenservice unter aller Sau!Nachdem ich ca. eine Woche damit verbracht habe den Becher zu Testen und verzweifelt durch reinigen, auseinander- und wieder zusammenbauen des Deckels versucht habe das kleckern zu unterbinden habe ich mich an den Kundenservice gewandt. Dieser kam erst freundlich und hilfsbereit daher, wollte Bilder und Videos des Problems haben und dann mit mir gemeinsam eine Lösung finden. Nach viel hin und her, da das Versenden von Videos über diese Plattform nicht möglich ist, habe ich ihnen dies alles zukommen lassen. Als Lösung wurde mir ein neuer Deckel Angeboten da der Support dort das Problem vermutete. Soweit alles gut, Deckel bestellt, Geld erstattet bekommen. Leider hat auch der neue Deckel das Problem nicht behoben, allerdings war durch das lange hin und her inzwischen so viel Zeit ins Land gegangen, dass die Widerrufsfrist verstrichen war und komischerweise kamen ganz plötzlich auch keine Antworten mehr vom Support. Das Ende vom Lied: ich habe einen teuren Thermobecher mit zwei Deckeln die beide nicht dicht halten aber bin um die Erfahrung reicher welchen Hersteller und welchen Händler man in Zukunft meiden sollte.Btw.: Dieser Thermobecher ist nicht das erste undichte Behältnis der Firma 720degree. Vor einigen Jahren habe ich mir schon eine große Trinkflasche dieses Herstellers gekauft die auch nach wenigen Tagen anfing zu lecken....es hätte mir schon damals eine Lehre sein sollen.\n')
('Steffi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlle Produktangaben treffen zu\n')
('Enelym', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps drinks super hot and super cold.  Really happy with it.  You have to tip it more than a normal cup, but soon got used to that.  Very easy one-click opening, drinks stay hot for hours, ice doesn't melt for hours, no sign of leakage, easy to wash..\n")
('JG', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot great sent back!\n')
('JoJo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing mug\n')
('TOBIAS BIERL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVergleichsprodukte:Emsa-Thermobecher - Thermobecher Greens-Steel Beast - S\'well Bottle , 720°dgree noLimitBewertungskriterien:- Kompaktheit und Eleganz-Auslaufsicher-relativ hohe FüllmengeKurz und Knapp:Thermosbecher gibt es viele, aber nur wenige vereinen schönes Design und Praktikabilität wie dieses Produkt.++ Kaffee bleibt sehr lange heiß, wenn er knapp unter Brühtemperatur eingefüllt wird. (- ca. 9-10h, abhängig von  Witterungsbedingungen)++ 450ml mit "Klick" Verschluss welches ein "Aufschrauben und Deckel in der Hand halten" erspart++ passt auch in die meisten Autohalterungen++Deckel zerlegbar und daher sehr gut zu reinigen++Die Ausmaße des Kaffeebechers unter Einbezug der Füllmenge ist hervorragend gelöst.-- Design ist mir wichtig, da ich nicht nur gerne Freude am Pragmatismus sondern es auch gut aussehen soll. Hierbei muss ich leider die Beschichtung stark bemängeln, da diese schon nach einigen Monaten täglicher Nutzung ( 5 Tage pro Woche) abplatzt. Gehe damit so sorgfältig wie es der Büroalltag zulässt und nehme den Thermosbecher auf keine Wanderungen oder anderen Outdooraktivitäten mit. Da ich genügend andere Thermoflaschen und Becher besitze, ist es mir schleierhaft warum man bei einem solch sonst gut durchdachten Produkte eine derart schlechtes Beschichtungsmaterial benutzt. Solche Kleinigkeiten können das ansonsten Super Produkt schnell, sehr schlecht da stehen lassen.-> Da ich auch im Besitz der noLimit Flasche von 720dgree bin und ich dort keine Probleme mit der Beschichtung habe, scheint dies ja i-wie doch zu funktionieren. (Diese ist sehr wohl bei Outdoor Aktivitäten am Start)Detaillierter:Habe zuvor ein EmsaProdukt mit 360 ml Füllmenge gehabt welches hiergegen eine richtige Kanone ist. Diese macht zwar einen stabilen Eindruck mit gutem Deckel aber nimmt jede Menge Platz weg. Wozu? Typisch landesübliche Over-Engineering?Es geht doch auch kompakt!Fazit:Weiterempfehlung zu 75%.Falls einem das Abplatzen der Beschichtung egal ist, dann 100%.\n')
('Bernd S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDa der Becher Spülmaschinen geeignet ist, bin ich sehr unzufrieden damit. Grade Mal paar Tage im Einsatz, im Höchstfall 5mal mit dem Geschirrspüler gereinigt und der Lack platzt ab.\n')
('Stefan Weber', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolut empfehlenswert... 100% dicht und auslaufsicher... hält lange warm bzw. heiß...hab mir nach 3 Stunden immernoch leicht die Zunge am heißen Kaffee verbrannt...!!!\n')
('joanne kelly', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI liked the look of it, the fact that you can drink easily from it, it keeps my tea and coffee hot for long, it is easy to clean. A good purchase all around\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProdukt erfüllt seinen Dienst. Ersatzteile wurden schnell nachgeliefert. Sehr guter Service.\n')
('CHARLES M', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nyou need to have your drink almost cool enough to drink .... it will stay like that for several hours  ... this is the third one I have purchased as gifts ... it stops me having a Costa\n')
('k', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTazza da viaggio molto bella. La uso principalmente per bevande calde.\n')
('Le Ge', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ging die Farbe ab was eine ziemliche dauere war.überall hingen schwarze fitzel herum was recht nervig warJetzt ist alles ab und der Becher statt schwarz Silber aber er hält super lange heiß.\n')
('malinescu', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMeine Tochter hat dich so einen schon lange gewünscht und er hält was er verspricht denn sogar noch am Feierabend ist der Tee oder Kaffee noch warm\n')
('Fr. A', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProdukt ist leider komplett undicht und deshalb unbrauchbar. Arbeitstasche meiner Frau ist komplett versaut. Nicht zu empfehlen.\n')
('Tina Stuart', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEverything about this product shouts quality. I have had one for years . This one is for a friend who works outside. Excellent!\n')
('BigSleep', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch nutze diesen Thermobecher Tag täglich, ich transportiere den Becher im Rucksack, nutze ihn ständig in der Bahn u auch an der Arbeit. Er muss viel aushalten.Bei mir bleibt der Kaffee ca. Fünf Stunden  Heiß und nach den Fünf Stunden noch immer angenehm warm zum trinken.Der Service 1. Klasse. Vom anschreiben bis zur Antwort vergingen ca. 3 Stunden, also sehr schnell.Ich habe den Thermobecher, milkyBottle 1l u eine Trinkflasche für outdoor.Bis jetzt nur ein optisches Problem das nicht der Rede wert ist.\n')
('Jo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my daughter for Christmas and am finally getting to review.When I took her shopping she was always looking for a ‘better travel mug’. So much so that we now have a cupboard full of her rejects. I saw this and loved the simplicity of the design and the initial quality.I nor my daughter  have been so pleased with this. It oozes quality and has a lovely feel on handling.Her coffee has never stayed so hot for so long. To impress her is a true success if the quality of the product.Well done to you for keeping her happy.\n')
('Christian Schmidt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFür den Preis ist der Verschluss wackelig und wirkt billig und instabil. Ich habe nicht den Eindruck, dass es lange hält. Für den Preis sollte es etwas "anständiges" sein. Hab es zurück geschickt\n')
('Böcki', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Vorab:Wer nicht checkt, wie man den Becher wieder "repariert" (sollte der Fall eintreten dass die Klick-Funktion nicht funktioniert), der schafft es auch nicht eine Schraube einzudrehen, denn mehr benötig es nicht dieses Problem zu beheben.- Der Becher funktioniert sehr gut, hält lang  heiß/warm.- Ich nutze ihn für Kaffee, keine  Geschmacksveränderung auch nach 4-5 Stunden  nicht.- Optisch sehr schön, leicht zu Reinigen.- 2 1/2 Kaffee passen bei mir rein + Milch.- Gummi am Boden sorgt dafür, dass der Becher  nicht umkippt/wegrutscht/ abruscht.- Negatives fällt mir nun nach 7 Monaten Nutzung  wirklich nicht ein, habe den Thermobecher nicht  selbst gekauft, es war ein Weihnachtsgeschenk,  es handelt sich aber um genau dieses Modell.PS. Zur Farbabsplitterung kann ich nichts sagen, da ich den Silbernen, sprich den Becher ohne Beschichtung habe.\n')
('Steve Haycocks', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHad trouble with some other makes leaking or being almost impossible to clean properly and or not holding any temperature.But, this one!! Is exactly what I need.Doesn't leak, great shape, size, style and love the colour.Plus it stays hot for so long I have had to make it cooler or I just can't drink it for hours.A brilliant purchase, thank you. 😃👍.\n")
('nanny28', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat travel mug,  keeps drinks warm for ages and easy to drink from. Stylish and leak proof.  Need to allow drinks to cool slightly before putting lid on and leave a 2cm gap from liquid to top of mug to make sure lid can be pressed in to drink.Lid breaks down into 3 parts for easy cleaning,  much better than other mugs I've seen.Easy to grip and non slip body.\n")
('Andrew VCK', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nthis is the second one I have purchased,head and shoulders above any other brand.first class company.any one looking to purchase a travel mug look no further than this brand.\n')
('SarahG', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood\n')
('Sally Cannock', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nexcellent for coffee etc - remains hot for long periods - excellent value\n')
('Md. Sawkat', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher wird heiß\n')
('Cliff', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps drinks very hot and doesn't leak!  Very pleased with this purchase.\n")
('lorna mcdowall', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGot it for mom. She loves it and is raving about it\n')
('Leon Scheffels', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat Wärme nach außen abgegeben - der Verschluß war nicht einwandfrei. Sehr schnelle und leichte Verbrennungsgefahr an den Lippen\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wanted to write this review after a fair bit of using. Nearly a month of rough use now. I can say this is a fantastic mug. No spills way so ever. I ride to work on my motorbike and wanted something that I could chuck in the panniers and worry about spilling etc. It does that exactly. The lid system is amazing and you can drink from any side of it. Looks well cool. I even dropped it once on hard floor from shoulder height. Not even a spill just a small dent at the bottom due to literally the force it fell from. All in all. I would recommend this. Thank you\n')
('Thorsten', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper schmal und leicht zu reinigen. Inhalt bleibt warm. Habe lange nach einem schmalen für den Rucksack meiner Tochter für die Schule gesucht und dieser ist perfekt.\n')
('Mathilde F', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI really like the product, the only disappointing thing about it is the 360 degree spout, if you over tip the container, you could get tea/coffee over the front of you, but now I carefully tip the container to try and avoid any spillages.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Temperatur wird wie beschrieben gehalten! Becher ist dicht, ist leicht zu reinigen und sieht gut aus! Einfach nur spitze!\n')
('Hadassa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nich viel reisen gut kaffee behalterih frieden sein damit\n')
('Donna Bramble', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa forma y el formato es perfecto para tomar por ejemplo, café (que es mi caso). Al cabo de unos meses tuve un problema con la tapa pero la anteción al cliente es fantástica y lo resolvieron de inmediato. Es un producto que recomendaría a toda persona que quiera calidad y buena atención a cliente.\n')
('Mightybaker', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best travel mug I’ve tried so far. Leakproof, sleek design, easy to drink from and hold and kept my tea piping hot. Highly recommend\n')
('Ute', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist super, er sieht echt schick aus und tut Abolut was er soll. Den Verschluss zum trinken finde ich super praktisch :) bestelle mir jetzt dann den zweiten weil er bei mir täglich im Einsatz ist.\n')
('Ca2', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was amazed that my first drink stayed  boiling hot for 8 hours and was still very hot after 12 hours. It was an experiment beacause I have bought it for a northern lights trip in March and so haven’t had it “out”yet.Thank you for another wonderful German product!!\n')
('J mann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI wouldn't normally spend this much on a mug but do not regret it. The mug is great. Keeps drinks hot for hours. My brew was still literally piping hot after 4 hours.\n")
('Miss Jazz Hargreaves', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnfortunately I cannot believe this is stainless steel as tea & coffee staining does not come off with bicarb of soda or white vinegar. Very difficult to clean. I should have gone for a wide neck container. So many ridges at top to get staining off. Disappointed.\n')
('B. Brandstetter', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Größe ist top, sehr schlank. Die Farbe hält super, damit haben wir keine Probleme. Er hält sehr lange warm. Leider funktioniert der Deckel zum Trinken nicht mehr richtig. Ständig hakt er, das macht das einhändige Trinken nicht mehr möglich, da man immer wieder aufschrauben muß um den Auslaufschutz von innen nach außen zu drücken. Das ist sehr schade.\n')
('jmj', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDrink stays hot for a few hours which is good as I work in a school. No leaks will definitely buy again.\n')
('SB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nClean simple design and slim enough to fit my cars cup holder (most do not). Drink from any point is useful and stops juggling whilst driving.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider kommt beim kippen oder umdrehen bei verschlossenem Deckel ordentlich Kaffee raus. Wollte einen haben der nach dem trinken (Deckel zu) dicht hält. Bin sehr enttäuscht.\n')
('PEREIRA Isabelle', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI liked the fact it is leak proof, but I bought it to keep my coffee hot, sadly it does not!!!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy buen producto pero gotea, no lo usamos hasta bastante tiempo después de su uso y no pude devolverlo.Lo usamos para mantener el agua caliente para los bebés de las niñas pero si se tumba gotea..\n')
('Helga Kopa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist jeden Cent wert. Morgens ein Heißgetränk eingefüllt, späten Nachmittag immer noch wie frisch eingefüllt, die Hitze ist durch anfassen nicht zu spüren. Auslaufsicher und alles einzeln rausnehmbar zum sauber machen.\n')
('Dagmar Rodi', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 10maliger Benützung funktioniert der Verschluss nicht mehr.\n')
('Beth Ani', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBien pour maintenir au chaud thé où café travaillant de nuit en milieu hospitalier 😊\n')
('Adah alubo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug I have ever owned!\n')
('Mr P G Davenport', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nperfect and easy to drink out of - would definitely recommend to anyone that wants to take a leakproof cup out\n')
('mark q', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug, I use it to take a brew to work. Keeps it nice and hot. Mug looks great too. Needed a leak proof design and so far so good.\n')
('Lauden79', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Thermobecher, der in jedes Auto passt. Läuft nicht aus, hält auch recht lange warm. Denke nicht, dass man eine Füllung am nächsten Tag erst trinken möchte. Für mich als täglicher "zur-Arbeit-Fahrer" genau das Richtige.Geruchsfrei bei Lieferung und gut verpackt.Würde noch eine kaufen...\n')
('Vlad', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFew things that I specifically like: the shape is slim and not too bulky so I can easily hold it in my hand;  its completely leak proof so don't have to worry about keeping it upright, and it looks good.\n")
('Gaby Jüttner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThermobecher? Kauft man von der Firma EMSA! Ist das so? Wenn es mal so war dann hat sich dieses für mich erledigt. ich brauchte dringend einen Thermobecher der absolut auslaufsicher ist! Irgendwie hat mir dieses Produkt optisch gut gefallen und es passt eine schöne Menge Kaffee rein. Den Preis empfand ich für absolut in Ordnung!Jetzt nutze ich ihn seit ca. 1 Woche jeden Tag. Deshalb auch "nur" 4 Sterne für die Haltbarkeit... ich denke allerdings, dass ich dieses eines schönen Tages in 5 Sterne umwandel. Allerdings will "gut Ding Weile haben"!Ich mag ihn einfach sehr, es ist einer meiner besten Amazon-Einkäufe bisher. Er ist absolut auslaufsicher, lässt sich supergut auseinandernehmen zur Reinigung und der Kaffee bleibt wirklich für 4-5 Stunden "wirklich knackheiß" ....so wie kalte Milch kalt bleibt. Außerdem passt er prima in meinen Fahhradhalter und sieht "einfach knorke" und sehr schick aus! Ein echter Blickfänger, eine Kollegin hat sich ebenfalls schon einen bestellt!Das einzige was ich bemängeln möchte (wobei dieses auf meinem persönlichen Empfinden basiert und wahrscheinlich auch bauart bedingt so ist) ...ein richtig großer, üppiger Schluck lässt sich nicht nehmen durch das Verschlussystem. Da wäre es natürlich ein Traum die Menge regulieren zu können. Wenn sich der Hersteller da eines Tages etwas einfallen lassen könnte... "dit wäre scheeen"!Also, dieses Produkt ist wirklich TOP!\n')
('Graham Marlborough', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n6hours after pour still red hot\n')
('Kindle Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove the colours, I've bought two for my Nieces and they look great. They are a great size, they keep drinks hot or Cold for ages and they are easy to clean and use, Very happy, Thank You.\n")
('KeVin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schnelle Lieferung.  Optisch und qualitativ sehr hochwertig.  Ich habe diesen Becher aus dem Grund gekauft weil ich keine offene Getränke am Arbeitsplatz haben darf. Wie lang es warm hält kann ich nicht genau sagen auf jeden Fall viel viel länger als in einer Kaffeetasse. 360 Grad trinkradius. Kann  nichts negatives berichten. Top Produkt.  Würde es weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Mrs C.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo I’ve got to be honest, loved the colour and absolutely love the 360 drinkable area, i.e. doesn’t matter which side you drink from! Got this for my morning commute as other mugs weren’t cutting it, keeps all down to the last drop hot which I love, sadly, after a couple of weeks it’s already flaking!! Sad because now it looks old and a little grubby! Great mug, great design, keeps your drink hot, not so great on the colour paint job sadly!\n')
('Wolfgang Glahn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHallo....Am Anfang war ich sehr zu frieden...Das Modell ist auslaufsicher und meine Getränke bleiben sehr lange heiß bzw. Warm. ...Aber nach wochenlangen tägliche Benutzung fällt der Deckel immer mehr in einzel teilen zusammen...Es ist mühsam alles wieder dicht zu bekommen beim zusammen montieren...Ich glaube das das so nicht gedacht ist..Benutze die Flasche momentan leider nicht mehr...Ich würde um Tausch bitten...Vielleicht hab ich ein Montagsprodukt bekommen. ...Vorab... vielen Dank. ..Bilder vom Deckel könnte ich euch nach senden wenn gewünscht. ..\n')
('linncee', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for drinks on the go !\n')
('Mr. P. R. Kanani', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nstay hot for ages great product  no issues love it\n')
('adamjs28', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best coffee cup I have ever bought.  I was at a conference and made my coffee in the hotel at 8am.  By 3pm the coffee was still piping hot.  Don’t buy any other coffee cup but this one.\n')
('Alex', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOkay\n')
('Martin E.', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThe mugs are well shaped for handling fitting most hands.  The surface provides grip allowing, a finger to open and close the lid,  tilt to drink.  The 360* lip makes drinking easy. Stays drinking warm for at least 2 hours, have not gone longer yet.Fits well into the car cup holders and side pockets in the rucksack.Strips down easily to wash. A very good product.\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSOOOO easy to drink from whilst walking, driving, whatever - one click with your thumb and it won't spill or drip - doesn't matter how you pick it up, drink from anywhere around the rim... LOVE it. And it keeps your drink piping hot for HOURS!\n")
('Fiona', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nEasy to use, easy to clean and it doesn't leak!  I use,these because I am disabled and quite often spill my drinks.  Like the fact that you sell the lids separately because I drop mine so much the lid sometimes cracks!\n")
('kev collins', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased the product to use during a round of golf. I filled the flask before leaving home and the remnants of the drink were still warm when I had finished the round of golf 6 hours later. I have been using the flask for three weeks and it is far superior to the one I had previously. Looking forwards to trying it out with cold drinks in hot weather. Excellent product.\n')
('Mitzi Blu', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDieser Becher ist der absolute Wahnsinn. Auslaufsicher und nach 4 1/2 Stunden ist der Kaffee noch soooo heiß, man muss tatsächlich aufpassen, dass man sich nicht den Mund verbrennt (getestet im Sommer bei 22 Grad). Der Becher fasst sich gut an und auch in meiner kleinen Hand liegt er perfekt. Der Deckel ist in Nullkommanix auseinander geschraubt und lässt sich sehr einfach wieder zusammen setzen. Perfekt für die gründliche Reinigung. Was mir persönlich auch sehr gut gefällt, ist die Tatsache, dass man nicht nach einer Öffnung suchen muss wenn man beispielsweise Auto fährt und sich auf die Straße konzentrieren muss. Man setzt den Becher einfach an und es läuft :-) Ein top Produkt das ich jedem der einen guten Thermo-Becher für unterwegs braucht 'wärmstens' ans Herz legen kann. Ganz klare Kaufempfehlung!Bei Fragen zum Produkt bekommt man sehr schnell kompetente und total lieb geschriebene Rückmeldung. Ich bin rundum glücklich, zufrieden und begeistert!\n")
('Lilla', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat purchase! Will not regret it! As others have eluded to it keeps your drink warm for a very long time! So if you have a steaming coffee in there don't think it'll be cool when you come to it in 4 hours ... Does a great job!\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduit bien reçu, en bon ètait.Il est trés ètanche et conserve bien.\n')
('nick', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCan’t fault this cup - would highly recommend.\n')
('JaneC', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe love this mug - I’ve ordered my fiancé about 6 travel mugs as he works outside and none of them keep his drinks warm. However after reading a lot of reviews this came up as one of the best ones and it is!\n')
('Caroline', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI purchased this cup around a month ago and I have to say it’s a really good product. I’ve been through different types of coffee cups over the years. Some leaked, with others the drink would’ve stayed warmer in the fridge. This is the first time I’ve purchased a cup that’s easy to drink from (liquid doesn’t fill up on the lid), it stays hot for hours and doesn’t leak. That coupled with a personal follow up has led me to write a review. People are quick enough to complain when they buy poor products. On the flip side, credit where it’s due here. I’d consider buying more from the range.\n')
('david fulton', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing! I have tried various travel mugs drinks holders and not been satisfied, that is until I purchased the 720 DGREE.It’s unique lid makes drinking from it so easy with no spill.The mug keeps my coffee hot not just warm for at least 5hours.Very impressed wished I had found this product sooner.\n')
('brenda loake', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nben fatta, buoni i materiali e il feedback tattile. la chiusura a pressione funziona bene ma un paio di volte si è bloccata  solo per questo 4 stelleacquisto decisamente consigliato\n')
('J', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Becher hält, was er verspricht. Getränke bleiben richtig lange heiß.Der Becher kann auch mal umfallen, es läuft nichts aus.\n')
('cb', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie ist bereits mein 2 Becher, jetzt habe ich einen für Kaffee und einen für Tee.Tolles Design, hält unglaublich lange heiss, man muss sogar aufpassen, sich nicht zu verbrennen. Perfekt zu reinigen, durch das einfache auseinander schrauben.Die Dichtung ist hervorragend, es läuft nichts aus, hatte ihn auch schon öfters befüllt im Koffer auf Reisen dabei.Preis -/ Leistungsverhältnis ist angemessen.\n')
('U. Kokon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher ist einfach super. Schöne Farbe. Ich habe den roten gekauft. Lässt sich gut reinigen. Ich habe nichts zu mekern.\n')
('Stefan Findeisen', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Deckel hat ganz schrecklich geklappert auch wenn der Becher verschlossen war. Ging zurück. Hab einen zweiten im gleichen Paket gehabt, der ist super\n')
('Felix', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Becher hält unglaublich lange nicht nur warm sondern heiß. Ich arbeite im schichtdienst, wenn ich mir gegen 5 Uhr nen Tee oder Kaffee mache und der Dienst stressig ist, komm ich manchmal erst mittags dazu was zu trinken und es ist wie frisch aufgebrüht.Wirklich toll und fast uneingeschränkt zu empfehlen.\n')
('Jen Forrester', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThis works very well at keeping my coffee warm, has not leaked and fits in my car, but have to admit drinking out of it does not make the coffee taste nice, certainly a flavour of plastic which is a shame.\n')
('Marc Rateitschak', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinwandfrei für den täglichen Gebrauch. Hält von morgens bis abends sehr gut warm\n')
('Galina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for keeping my coffee roasting. I was out for around 8 hours with 2 coffees - the other one - a boden one is great, however, it cooled down far faster. This one was still boiling when i got home and great for in the car as you can drink from any of the lid rather than trying to twist if round to find the opening.\n')
('claire clarke', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have only used it once so far but after almost 2 hours my coffee was still piping hot.  I like the design of being able to drink from any angle and the easy open/close is very convenient.\n')
('Karin Zehentbauer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin Thermobecher war zu Weihnachten gewünscht und ich habe mich vor dem Kauf stundenlang mit Rezensionen beschäftigt. Aber egal, ob die Produkte teuer oder billig, Noname oder bekannter Hersteller waren - am Ende gaben immer die negativen Rezensionen den Ausschlag, das Produkt nicht zu kaufen. Die Gründe:- angegebener Inhalt stimmt nicht- hält nicht lange warm- Farbe blättert ab- die Trinköffnung gibt nach kurzer Zeit ihren Geist auf (und dieser Grund war bei allen dabei)Ich wollte aber kein Produkt, das nach kurzer Zeit in die Tonne wandert! Dieser hier hatte nicht viele Rezensionen, als ich ihn Ende November gekauft habe - auch ein Risiko, aber das war es wert. Gründe für den Kauf:- die Öffnung, die bei so vielen Produkten Probleme verursacht und/oder von kurzer Lebensdauer ist,  ähnelt bei diesem Becher dem Verschluss der Thermoskanne von Tupperware, die schon seit über  20 Jahren in meinem Haushalt zuverlässig ihren Dienst tut- der Preis, der zwar über dem billiger Produkte liegt, aber auch deutlich unter sehr viel teureren Produkten,  die ebenfalls schlechte Bewertungen hattenIch habe mich nicht verkauft. Der Becher hält, was er verspricht:- kein metallischer Geschmack- die Trink-Öffnung ist dicht- der Inhalt bleibt sehr lange heiß- der Deckel lässt sich zum Reinigen einfach auseinandernehmenPerfekt - ich würde ihn nur nicht ungeschützt in eine Tasche legen, weil der Deckel keine Sicherung hat, die das Öffnen verhindert, falls zufällig Druck auf den Deckel kommt. Es muss schon viel Druck sein, aber für den Verwendungszweck würde ich eher auf Nummer sicher gehen und einen Deckel mit Schraubverschluss verwenden.\n')
('Anita Singhoff', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Lieferung war sehr schnell. Der Thermobecher hat eine tolle Farbe und das Beste: der Kaffee bleibt wirklich lange heiß und bis zu 5/6 Stunden warm. Ich bin mega zufrieden :)\n')
('Emma', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is brilliant at keeping drinks hot, so if you want a drink "on the fly" a few minutes after you put in here, you MUST get it down to a drinkable temperature before you put it in.The lid is good, but takes a bit of getting used to -  always tip slowly to your mouth.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWorks well keeps drunk very warm\n')
('Fee', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am a teacher and often, in the past, have made a hot drink only to leave it go cold on my desk. With this travel mug, I can be certain that even 5 hours later, my tea is at a high temperature.Down side, be mindful how hot the drink is at all times - especially if you take tea or coffee without milk.\n')
('Clare Beckingham', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nBought this cup for my mum and it just leaks even when closed.\n')
('Simone König', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Flasche hält wirklich erstaunlich lange heiss...man sollte es nicht vergessen und auch nach einiger Zeit vorsichtig trinken.. .-)\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a birthday present for my husband.  He loves it as it keeps his tea roasting hot for hours!  Max he has tried is 5 hours and it was as hot then as when freshly made.  Definitely recommend.\n')
('I. Reuner', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAm Anfang waren wir total begeistert. Allerdings ist nach kurzer Zeit die schwarze Farbe abgeblättert und er sieht dadurch wirklich nicht mehr schön aus. Nach Monaten ist er auch nicht mehr ganz dicht.\n')
('K. ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider hat sich bei meinem Becher nach nur kurzer Zeit die Lackierung gelöst. Schaut dann nicht mehr gut aus. Sonst ein super Produkt"\n')
('James', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is incredible! It keeps the heat all day so be careful! It doesn’t heat up from your drink tho so it’s easy to hold. No leaks, no mess. I’m able to take my favourite drinks to my cinema trips at last and keep them hot! Thank you!!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOpened it, filled it, did the leak test and it leaked. Returning it. What a waste of time.\n')
('Jan Förster', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFunktioniert nicht, Deckel passt nicht.\n')
('Anna-Isabell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr stylischer Thermo-Kaffeebecher, hält lange warm!\n')
('Mark Mallia', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug, drinks stay warm for a long time. Easy to drink from, comfortable to hold. Leaks only a little if held upside down, but no one would need to do this. Worth the extra price tag in my opinion.\n')
('arnie', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTut was er soll!\n')
('maggie', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThe article arrived in good condition and seems to be of good quality.\n')
('Mrs M Mortimer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy husband and son have these for their golf trips, keeps drinks lovely and hot and very easy to clean\n')
('5abrina Ouriachi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for a cold morning walk!\n')
('Helen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. It keeps coffee hot for a few hours, it doesn’t leak and it’s super stylish!\n')
('Susi', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schönes Design\n')
('Winston Meikle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI used it for hot tea very good kept hot for hours would recommend very good product.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDisappointed with this product. Impossible to drink out of without spills and leakage or burning your mouth even when the hot drink was poured in 4/5 hrs ago. It definitely keeps hot drinks incredibly hot and I’d suggest should only be used if you are decanting the drink into mug on the go.\n')
('Martin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSleak solid design. Easy to clean. No leaks and keeps hot for hours.\n')
('Jo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe insulation is stunning. It stays red hot for hours - too hot even. If you intend to drink from it within hours of filling, then cool the drink to drinking temp before storing or you will burn yourself.Drinking through the lid is not good and it surges and is inclined to slop everywhere. I take the lid off to drink from it, but the edge of the metal container was obviously not intended for this. I still use it, but wonder if it could be made better for drinking from. I still appreciate having a hot brew in the shed.\n')
('Kate', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best thing the money can buy\n')
('Kingswater', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo le veo ninguna pega. Mantiene el té muy caliente durante mucho tiempo. El tape cierra herméticamente y se desmonta muy fácilmente para su limpieza. Por decir algo malo, el color es ligeramente mas oscuro que el de las fotos.\n')
('lorenzon fabien', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't leak like my previous forum mug and easy to drink out of. Lovely yo hold and keeps drink hot for hours. Highly recommend the extra cost to buy this.\n")
('Glatze', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält die getränke nur ca. 4 std Heiß, andere sind länger Heiß.Des weiteren ist der Klick-Verschluss etwas Lüttig.\n')
('gregory f.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThese 720 DDREE travel  mugs are the best  travel  mugs I have ever  purchased, l can't put it any stronger than that.\n")
('Destina D.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Produkt. Die meisten Thermobecher der Konkurrenz sind untauglich, da mit Schraubverschluß. Damit für das Auto nicht geeignet. Becher hält super lange warm, absolut dicht. Besser geht es nicht, hab gleich noch einen zweiten Becher für meine Frau bestellt.\n')
('Joseph Okai', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nI've purchased and tried many travel mugs which have claimed to keep hot for X amount of time in my life and none have ever lived up to the hype, promised or reviews. Until now as this one actually works!! I make my drinks (purchased 3) at 7am and when I go to open my last around 4pm it is still as piping hot as it was when made. I do not open, at all, until needed so this will of course help retain the heat, however I have done the same with any I have tried over the years and they have never, until now, stayed hot and have instead slowly cooled down over the hours.This product works! Never used for a cold drink so could only presume it would work the same but I'm happy with the purchased and others I know have since bought one after seeing mine work and they say the same; this product works.Try it yourself, I absolutely recommend.\n")
('Carmena Wood', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best coffee mug I have ever purchased. Ten outa ten for heat retention. Volume. Style. Pop up lid easy to close.\n')
('Madjak41', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug... it is classy, well made, no after taste as the material used is high quality food grade and well worth the slightly inflated cost.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup keeps drink hot for hours\n')
('philipp', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n...denn ich habe das Gefühl, der Kaffee kommt heißer aus dem Becher als aus der Maschine. Auch die Warmhaltedauer finde ich gut. Ich ziehe lediglich einen Stern ab, weil der Verschluss am Anfang extrem nach Kunststoff gerochen/geschmeckt hat bzw. auch nach Spülmittel. Das ist jetzt zwar besser geworden, aber insgesamt dauerte es einige Reinigungen - und das war seeehr unangenehm. Ansonsten würde ich ihn jederzeit wieder kaufen.\n')
('Gillian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was so delighted to receive this! It was well packaged. I loved that it was a zero carbon product.  I was pleased that it didn\'t use plastic coz I\'m all about the environment. The mug itself was aesthetically pleasing. It was easy to drink from. It kept my drink\'s heat for at least 6hours. I was truly happy with my purchase. Then one day my apple 🍎 slightly depressed the mechanism and released liquid into my bag. I figured this was my fault. "Next time keep the mug upright", I told myself.  This is a design flaw because it happened again. The bit that you depress failed when I was at work last week. I couldn\'t close it. All this happened just after a month  of use.  I\'m so disappointed. My last mug lasted 2.5years.\n')
('Sabine Dönges', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchönes Design, auslaufsicher, hält warm.Würde ich wieder kaufen.\n')
('Paul Roberts', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe mugs works well, but…. the colour coatings just flake off, see pics on both mugs, bronze one was bought in June 2020 and the purple in Dec 2020. Both are flaking badly so it’s just not a one off issue at all and bought at different times. With lockdown it has meant minimal travel and use but still heavy flaking of the outer colour coating. Brought this to the suppliers attention, and was offered 20% off a new one….. now that’s logical spend 80% for something I already have and then wait for the  colour coating to flake off again…… it would be better if they just sold as plain metal rather than provide a choice of colour that shortly peels off.\n')
('Matt Smith', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe lid often sticks on open so when it does it obviously leaks but apart from that it’s great most of time !!\n')
('Lisa Lahiri', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLooks very stylish, keeps drinks hot or cold, open and close function can get stuck sometimes, that's the only down side.\n")
('Sasha', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLike everything about this, replaces a more expensive brand and is far better. Keeps hot coffee hot, not warm like the previous. So good I bought another\n')
('aziza choudhury', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBig lie. Reviews are not true here! Don't listen. I bought 3 of these last Christmas believing the reviews that it will keep the drinks hot. I make our coffee at 715 am and by 10 am it's not hot but luke warm. Can't even keep hot for 4 hours as advertised. And I am very annoyed that I couldn't return it because of Brexit issues. Not worth the money at all.\n")
('ian stear', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nBrilliant, keeps it hot, perfect for what I needed!!!\n')
('discerning critic', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot coffee hot for at least 6 hours.  After a few months, I had an issue with the lid which suddenly stopped closing.  An exchange of emails with customer service team soon sorted the problem and a new lid arrived promptly.  GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!\n')
('twobi', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAn sich halt der Becher meinen Kaffee wunderbar warm, auch lässt er sich den einfach durch den auseinander-nehmbaren Deckel reinigen,  jedoch bin ich mit der abblätternden Beschichtung mehr als unzufrieden. Das erfüllt bei einer Nutzung von einem Jahr wirklich nicht meine Erwartungen.\n')
('S B', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a gift for my partner, he loves it. We tested it out on a cold mountain walk, -5 degrees at least but this flask kept our tea hot & fresh. No leaking at all, and great design means no faffing with lids etc. Would highly recommend\n')
('NaMiFa', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält wahnsinnig lange heiß, selbst nach Stunden sollte der erste Schluck vorsichtig probiert werden. Habe den Becher immer mit in der Laptop Tasche und bin sehr zufrieden.Neben der tollen Funktionalität finde ich ihn auch wirklich schön und er liegt gut in der Hand. Sehr zierlich, was auch bei kleinen Händen toll ist.Ich würde ihn wieder kaufen!\n')
('GJS', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNice looking mug but that's about it, leaks really, really bad. replaced with a Contigo that is leak proof, this 720degree mug leaked coffee over my laptop backpack too many times. Enough is enough, they really should not advertise this as leak proof it absolutely is not, my advice is to avoid this mug and buy something that is actually leak proof, your bag will thank you in the long run.\n")
('antonio rodriguez', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer Becher hält die Wärme länger als viele andere. Er fühlt sich gut und hochwertig an.\n')
('SMS', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it. Keeps hot drinks hot longer than any other mug I’ve used. No heat transfer to external surfaces. Doesn’t leak but you do need to remember whether you’ve depressed the centre for a drink before lying flat.The mechanism is easy to disassemble for cleaning but I’ve removed a star because you need to to ensure it’s cleaned properly, not a big deal though. Definitely recommend this mug.\n')
('Jans Bat', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's really nice for water.  I super-recommend it for that.  If I use it once for anything else (especially tea or coffee) nothing short of taking it right apart and soaking it in a bleach solution will remove that lingering taste.  It only works for thin drinks.  I made a milkshake one day (not a particularly thick one), but it was a total disaster to drink from this beaker.\n")
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant keeps my coffee hot for hours 10/10\n')
('mrs sally hogan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this coffee mug. Amazing product, well designed, easy to clean and it feels perfect on  my hand\n')
('Flavio Ricci', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGenial\n')
('Stephen Degnan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nsimply the best mug available bought several for my family now, can be put into my bag even with laptops etc in there\n')
('Andrew Sadd', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nThis is the second one I've ordered as first one was faulty, this does everything I need to use it for work.\n")
('Y Huang', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nCup is good as drink stays hot for hours. Just not happy as coating is peeling and I've only had the cup a couple of weeks. Plus can't find a way to contact seller\n")
('Dan', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat quality product and keeps Coffee hot for at least 6 hrs. It’s safe to hold, to drink from and leak proof.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nInitially I was very pleased with this travel mug. I've had several others, and this kept my tea hot far longer than any of the others did - for up to 12 hours! However, I can give it 1 star only as after 4 weeks of use the push lid mechanism broke. On investigation, I noticed a small white plastic piece inside the lid had split, broken in half - very poor design and material quality. I cannot recommend this product until the design flaw is fixed. If it ever is fixed, then it would be a 5 star product, but until then - 1 star only.\n")
('amy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe ha gustado muchísimo, lo recomiendo totalmente. Al desmontarse se limpia muy bien\n')
("Oliver O'Neil", '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\ni spent so much on leek proof mugs, once again, wasn't, good luck with yours\n")
('Jellybean', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS TRAVEL MUG. VERY COMFORTABLE TO HOLD, ALSO I LIKE THE NON-SLIP BASE. VERY EASY TO DISMANTLE AND CLEAN. IT KEEPS MY TEA AND COFFEE HOT FOR 6 HOURS EVEN AFTER 6 HOURS THE DRINK IS STILL WARM AND IS ENJOYABLE TO DRINK. SO FAR IT IS LEAK PROOF DUE TO THE RUBBER SEALS AND THE WAY IT IS DESIGNED TO ASSEMBLE THE LID PARTS TOGETHER. FILL THE FLASK BODY TO WARM THE FLASK WITH BOILING WATER AND LEAVE THE LID OFF TO LET THE  STEAM ESCAPE, MAKE THE TEA OR COFFEE POUR OUT THE BOILING WATER FROM THE FLASK, POUR IN THE TEA OR COFFEE INTO THE FLASK DON'T FILL IT COMPLETELY TO THE TOP LEAVE ENOUGH SPACE FOR THE LID TO SCREW DOWN INTO THE BODY OF THE FLASK, ASSEMBLE THE LID SCREWING THE THREE PARTS TOGETHER AND OFF YOU GO. I WOULD SUGGEST THAT YOU TRY THIS TRAVEL MUG A COUPLE OF TIMES WITH COLD FLUID TO GET YOU USED TO THE SPEED OF THE FLOW IT TOOK ME A COUPLE OF DAYS USING THE FLASK TO GET USED TO THE SPEED OF THE FLOW AS THE HOT LIQUID LEAVES THE FLASK AND ENTERS YOUR MOUTH I MENTION THIS AS A PRECAUTION FOR THE ELDERLY.IT IS A LOVELY VERY WELL DESIGNED AND VERY WELL MADE FLASK TRAVEL MUG I HAVE CURRENTLY NO REGRETS ABOUT BUYING IT IN FACT I WISH I HAD BOUGHT IT SOONER I CAN'T THINK OF NOW BEING WITHOUT IT.I CAN LEAVE IT ON MY DESK, I CAN FILL IT IN THE OFFICE AND TAKE IT WITH ME, I CAN LEAVE IT AT MY BEDSIDE AND HAVE TEA READY IF I WAKE IN THE NIGHT. I LOVE IT, A VERY USEFUL PURCHASE.\n")
('A M Hillis', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery stylish, practical and easy to drink from on the move with no spillage.  Husband liked it so much I bought him one too\n')
('niceday', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin sehr zufrieden, der Kaffee bleibt über mehrere Stunden warm und ist zu 100% auslaufsicher.  Das preis-leistungs-Verhältnis passt genau. Ich würde ihn wieder kaufen😉 und somit weiterempfehlen, weil genau richtig für unterwegs oder nachmittags mit dem Kind auf dem spielplatz☺\n')
('Dunzzel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDear 720Dgree,Thank you for your precision engineered travel mug, it's impressive!Overall, it's a high quality product. I also have a Nespresso 345ml Stainless Steel Travel Mug, which is very good, but has slightly different dimensions. The top(flip part) of the Nespresso has broken which means it comes off easily, but it's still a good product. Your product has a sleek look, the top is nicely designed and easy to drink from.I would suggest maybe an option for slightly different dimensions, shorter/wider ? Also, the top although impressive, has to be dismantled(which is actually very simple) in order to be washed, could this be simplified ?Best regards\n")
('Murphy1703', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher läuft nix aus hat bis zu 24 -48h die heiß  Getränke wirklich heiß . Der Preis ist dafür angemessen\n')
('Lepidina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBest travel mug you can buy for leak proof and keeping liquid hot for hours, purchased one last December and only upgrading due to a bit of cosmetic chipping. This is used every day, fits perfectly in the car Cup holder. Would definitely recommend I always used to purchase the popular coffee shop brand mug which is pricier than this mug. So overall great value for money, easy to drink , no drips or spills. Only one warning because its so great at keeping coffee hot don't take a big swig within the first couple of hours as you may burn your throat\n")
('Duck Lamond', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant  travel  mug  excels in every aspect. Best cup by far of the many I have used\n')
('Tim Pielenz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt worked brilliantly for the first few days. Then the lid broke. It still kept the coffe inside, but the moment I clicked it oped and tried to drink coffee would stream out of everywhere.  So I'm returning it and buying something else, I think I might just be to rough.\n")
("Ruth O'Connell", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\neasy to clean my drink stayed hot for hours.... well worth the money 🙂\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer 720°DGREE Premium Thermobecher ist ein "pleasure to Go" und meiner Meinung nach der beste Thermobecher, den man momentan auf dem Markt bekommen kann.Ich hatte schon so einige Becher und irgendwas war immer mit denen ... undicht, Getränk kalt, schlechte Reinigung, zuviele Teile, Teile abgebrochen, etc. ... :(Ich habe sehr lange nach so einem tollen Becher gesucht!Dieser Becher ist bisher vollkommen!Bin super zufrieden und nutze ihn täglich, auch meine Frau nutzt ihren täglich und istauch super zufrieden.Ich habe ihn mir in blau geholt, meine Frau hat ihn in schwarz.Zum Becher:- schönes, ansprechendes  Design und schöne dezente Farben- der Deckel besteht aus 3 Teilen (neu), die ineinander / miteinander verschraubt sind- Dichtungen lassen sich auch einfach herausnehmen und sauber machen- leichte Reinigung (und nicht 1000 Teile, die man umständlich auseinander fummeln, reinigen und wieder zusammenpuzzeln muss und an die andere Hälfte kommt man nicht ran)- Getränke bleiben über einen sehr langen Zeitraum noch heiss, ca. 6 Stunden, danach noch so 1-2 Stunden warm- Ersatzteile können nachgekauft werden (ist bei anderen Herstellern leider eher schwierig)Die Reinigung mit Flaschenbürste oder normaler Abwaschbürste funktioniert Bestens.Bei meiner Blödheit ist mir der Becher schon ein paar Mal, aus ca. 1,5 M Höhe (mit und ohne Getränk) heruntergefallen. Ausser ein paar Schrammen und Macken ist erstaunlicherweise nichts passiert.Er passt aufgrund der Höhe sicher nicht unter jede Kaffeemaschine und die Spülmaschine sollte er auch nur von aussen sehen, das sollte einem vorher klar sein :)Eine Absolute Kaufempfehlung meinerseits :)\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've had other vacuum mugs before now, none of which really kept the coffee really hot.  And none of them were really secure; knock them over and the lid would come off and all the coffee would be all over my book, or my papers, or the rug, or the couch, or the computer keyboard, or me.  This one isn't like that.  It keeps the coffee hot for an impressively long period of time, and the top screws on (can't come loose) and the press-down centre of the top (you have to press it down to get at the coffee) is secure and doesn't (as yet) leak.  I know this because I knocked it over in the car (a few months new with fabric seats) and no disaster ensued.  No flood, no scald, no swearie-words.  Right now I'm delighted with my purchase and see absolutely no reason why I should cease to be delighted in the foreseeable future and beyond.  Even with the top pressed down there's no spillage as long as the cup's in the cupholder (this wasn't true of one of my previous acquisitions - speed-bumps would spray lukewarm brown liquid all over the left knee of my trousers, so it was probably just as well that THAT cup wasn't very good at keeping the coffee hot, I suppose).  This is one case where the merchandise does exactly what it says on the website.  I fully intend to acquire more of these.  Really pleased with the cup and delivery, packaging etc was excellent.  Really chuffed.\n")
('Mags', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is an excellent travel mug. The outside stays cool at all times. I drink peppermint tea so with no milk to cool it it stayed incredibly hot all day - too hot to actually drink. It took a little practice to make the tea strong enough so that I could add cold water to cool it to drinking temperature. I took one star off as with a pop up lid I couldn’t tell whether it was sealed or not without tipping it. The lid mechanism is very easy to disassemble to clean.\n')
('Robert Atkinson', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe only word of caution I would advise is to always check the cup is closed before putting the flask in your bag.  I have ended up with my kit bag trailing a stream of hot coffee along the station platforms, and no coffee for me, on more than one occasion so "Think On!"  :)Apart from that advisory notice, this flask is superb.  I work on the railway and this flask, although compact enough to fit in my kit bag, holds a generous amount of coffee and lets me enjoy my beverage at intervals up and down the line.  The coffee flavour remains untainted up to about four or five hours before you notice a stewed flavour.A regular soak in Bicarb of Soda keeps the flask in a fresh condition.  Annoyingly, I dropped it about a week ago and it now has a dent in the base which means it wobbles a bit when standing so I may be in the market for a new one shortly!\n')
('Rulaman eidechs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper leicht zu reinigen, noch nie ausgelaufen, seit einigen Monaten im Dauereinsatz. Super!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält wirklich sehr lange sehr heiß. Also so wie man es möchte. Verarbeitung und Handhabung ist ebenfalls einwandfrei.\n')
('Karmel Kajic', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZum Einstieg habe ich es mit Tee probiert, kalte Energydrinks folgten und die Krönung war dann natürlich mit Kaffee. Die angegebenen Zeiten der Thermo-Isolierung werden weit übertroffen, die Handhabung ist denkbar einfach und der Becher sieht genauso perfekt aus, wie seine Eigenschaften sind.\n')
('Mrs V Harradon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery attractive colour (I got red), completely leak proof so far and very sleek looking. Very pleased indeed\n')
('Dan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVood product but broke within a week\n')
('Mrs Nina Wort', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExtremely professional and sleek looking flask! Beautiful colours and finishes.\n')
('Katherine H', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat quality and keeps drinks hot for hours! Not the best on a car journey as you will have to wait to drink it but I love it!\n')
('Birthe Feige', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this for my girlfriend to take to work with her.She's really pleased with it.It doesn't spill, its very practical and easy to clean.The only thing she wished for was some sort of lid for when she is carrying it inside her backpack with a bunch of other stuff.But other than that its absolutely perfect.\n")
('Yann Schutziger', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAnd amazing customer service\n')
('Russ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks great, does the job.\n')
('Terda', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe gleich zwei Becher für unterwegs bestellt. Die Becher sehen toll aus und wirken anfangs auch hochwertig.Vor einer Weile schloss der erste Becher nicht mehr richtig und mein Partner erlitt dadurch eine schwere Verbrennung am Arm, da er davon ausging dass der Becher dicht ist und ihn beim Verlassen des Hauses unter den Arm geklemmt hat. Der Becher war vermeintlich zu, jedoch war irgendwas am Verschluss defekt.Gut.. kann ja mal passieren.. Jetzt kurze Zeit später genau das gleiche. Glücklicherweise diemal ohne Verbrennungen, da wir aus der ersten Erfahrung gelernt haben und die Flasche grundsätzlich immer geprüft haben.Daher: Absolut keine Kaufempfehlung und sehr gefährlich wenn man auf eine korrekte Funktionsweise vertraut.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSono entusiasta dell'acquisto !!! Esteticamente bellissima, facile da pulire e mantiene il caffè bollente per ORE !!!!\n")
('Jake Thomas Howard', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI put this cup to test. The drink stayed pipping hot from 8am to 4pm. It was luke warm after till 6.Worth buying if don't get opportunity to step out & make hot drinks during work time. 5* good investment\n")
('D. E.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my husband and he loves it. Stays hot for hours\n')
('Michael', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper für meine Nachtschichten. Inhalt reicht für eine Schicht. Kaffee oder Tee sind mindestens 6 Stunden heiss.Sehr gutes Produkt.\n')
('hypercube', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKurz und knackig, der Thermobecher erfüllt seinen zweck. So gut das ich meine Zunge fast verbrannt habe und die Wärme drinnen verdammt gut Isoliert ist für mehrere Stunden.Das einzige was man verbessern könnte ist der Öffnungs sowie Schließ Mechanismus. Entweder ist dies ein Produktionsfehler oder ein Benutzerfehler aber bei mir passiert häufiger mal das die Öffnung sich öffnet aber das Schließen nicht möglich ist, womöglich wegen der Feder. Keine Idee ob das wegen nicht gründlichem Trocknen ist oder ob ich die Verschraubung zu locker oder zu Fest angezogen habe, kann ich leider nicht festlegen deswegen keinen Abzug. Trotzdessen eine gute Funktion und perfekt fürs Auto falls man was zwischen durch etwas Trinken will.Sticker lassen sich übrigens auch Problemlos an der Kanne kleben um Sie zu personalisieren, bitte aber den Karton lesen und den Thermosbecher nicht in die Waschmaschine schmeißen und stattdessen die paar Minuten nehmen und per Hand reinigen, außer natürlich ihr möchtet Farbverlust ;)#Edit: Die Flasche lässt sich wieder wie gewöhnt öffnen und schließen. Man muss sie gründlich trocknen sowie den Verschluss nicht zu feste anziehen.\n')
('Francisco Nicolas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is great, keeps drinks warm for an age and is super leak proof. Its a teeny bit fiddly to wash but worth it!\n')
('ASE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWie immer sehr zufrieden. Meine kleine 720° Dgree Familie wächst :)\n')
('paul ideson', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest mug ever! Coffee / tea gets made at 0630, still hot at lunchtime. Have bought more for the famuly since using my own as I rate it so much. Warning - Open and closed lid position can look very similar to the sleepy eye so be sure to do a test flick before putting in your bag - learned from experience!\n')
('C Price', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug works extremely well, it keeps the drink warm for a long time and is really easy to drink from. The only problem would be if you left it loose in a bag it could easily open and spill everywhere, I keep mine upright in a cup holder and it’s ace!\n')
('Cathy Cath', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my wife to use when she returned to work after lockdown. So only just started using it.It appears not to hold vaccum as the outside is as hot as the drink on the inside. So much so that you cannot even pick it up without burning your hands.Would have returned it if known how rubbish it was, but outside the return window now.\n')
('D. P.', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\n... der wirklich dicht ist und ewig lange den Kaffee heiß hält. Gibt es auch größere Flaschen? :DWirklich, bin total zufrieden und kann das Produkt wärmstens weiterempfehlen.Reinigung ist super einfach zu handhaben und optisch schlicht - und ich mag schlicht.Edit: leider ist schon der Deckel defekt. Schließt beim Drücken nicht mehr. Schade.\n')
('Lumia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKann ich nur weiter empfehlen.Passt super im Autohalter.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Die Becher sind echt schön aber es ist sehr traurig das die Beschichtung sich nach 2 Monaten löst\n')
('frfr', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Flaschen und Becher sind das Beste, was man kaufen kann, in Sachen Nachhaltigkeit, Optik, Qualität und Gesundheit.Der Service bei einigen Rückfragen, die ich hatte, war absolut 1+ !!! Danke\n')
('Fireman047', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo pleased with this mug. It fits in my car cup holder, it keeps the coffee warm. I’ve cleaned and the components are easy to take apart and fit back together. As some other reviews say; when the cup is closed a small amount of liquid that is caught in the cap does spill, but I had this with my last cup of a different brand and it never bothered me. (Be aware though if it’s going to fall over in your rucksack or handbag, and just check it after you fill it.) Great price for what you get, I get a discount on coffee at work for using my own cup so it’ll pay for itself in a month or two. Would recommend.\n')
('Holly Wendy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe cup is very easy to use and keeps the drink hot for a very long time (around 6-7hours). The only two negatives are if your drink has a lot of foam on top then it can be difficult to get out and also you will need to clean the lid mechanism regularly\n')
('Miss W Warwick', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nCredit where due, this is smart design. The bottle is tall yet sturdy, with a rubberised base to prevent slippage. The insulated lid is the thing, and its design allows for heat retention and a comfortable way to drink. I'm very pleased with it.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnglaublich wie lange dieser Becher warm hält.Das sich der Deckel so Problemlos zerlegen lässt ist einfach perfekt und das es die Ersatzteile wie Dichtungen einzeln gibt ist eine gute Idee.Kann diesen Becher nur Empfehlen\n')
('Robert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing flask, would definitely spend the extra £10 for a great flask rather than a cheap one.\n')
('Guilhem Loustalot-Forest', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher ab sich tip top. Ging aber sehr schnell kaputt. Leider keine Email zurück erhalten.\n')
('Niels Kannenberg', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchönes Produkt, hält den Inhalt lange warm\n')
('clare hurford', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best travel I have ever had. I make a coffee at 8am and it still perfectly hot enough to drink at 4pm!!\n')
('inka o.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDa ich es nicht einsehen, auf der Arbeit € 0.50 für einen Becher schlechten, automatisch mit Zucker versetzten Kaffe zu bezahlen, habe ich mir diesen Kaffeebecher zugelegt und bringe jetzt meinen eigenen, guten und vor allem heißen Kaffee mit! Design top, auslaufsicher, Kaffee ist auch nach Stunden heiß! Fazit, hoch zufrieden!\n')
('Wightsurfer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for hours.\n')
('sally tyrer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is leak proof and keeps drinks hot, however after cleaning it once, the push top always jams and so I have to unscrew it to use anyway, defeating the object of having one with a push top\n')
('Amazon UK Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ntrès bonne acquisition\n')
('Dave Manning', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have been using this mug for about 6 months now and I am so impressed with it I decided to actually go back and rate it , I had lots of different brands and types of coffee including branded ones and none of them lasted long or they were leaking after a while or weren't keeping the heat long enough etc. This one is actually is amazing I make my coffee at 5am and by 12pm it is still nice and warm!! defo best buy!!!!!\n")
('Jayzee', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had a bit of problem,  but issue solved immediately. Well done\n')
('Chris', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis will keep your drink as hot or cold as when you made it, all day. I have used it with both hot and cold milk and have been so pleasantly (and unpleasantly) surprised with how well it holds the temperature. I say unpleasantly because, if your drink was too hot to drink when it went in, you'll still be scalding yourself 5 hours later.I only awarded 4/5 stars for easy to drink from because I sometimes get a little over-zealous and end up tipping it too far back which results in the drink spilling on me as it is 360° opening; but its a small price to pay.My favourite feature is probably how easy it is to wash; I've had slightly cheaper products before which couldn't be dismantled and ended up being binned because they started to smell (I regularly use them for milk!) I've been using this one for 2 months now and it still smells super fresh and cleans really nicely in soapy water.I loved the black one so much that I bought my partner a blue one to match and he loves it too.\n")
('Oki', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect.\n')
('Greg Seymour', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing product after a few days of use it upholds its products uses (keeping coffee hot for 5 hours). I cannot apprehend how good this travel mug is however slight problem is that the button to allow you to drink from it can sometimes a bit difficult to press but other than that its outstanding.\n')
('Leyla Rein', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGefällt mir sehr gut.  Hält was versprochen wird\n')
('molly', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeautifully made, attractive design.  I work on the railway and usually take coffee out with me when working trains over the branch lines.  The coffee stays hot, and the flavour remains untainted, for at least 3.5 hours  - however, last night I set a new record - made coffee at 19.30 hrs and still sipping it at 00.45 with no loss of flavour!This is the third one I have bought - the first fell on to the railway tracks at a busy station and the second got very badly dented.  I looked for exactly the same product again!  I love it!\n')
('74Cat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI fill this with tea at 8am and it's still hot by 4-5pm! Holds the heat really well and is a nice design too. Easy to hold and very easy to clean as the entire filter comes apart so you don't get mould build up.Perfect for long days at work or days out, fits in most car cup holders too so it's convenient.\n")
('l.H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher ist super auslaufsicher und hält sogar länger als 5h warm. Würde ich jedenfalls immer wieder kaufen.Die Farbe ist auch sowie auf dem Bild.\n')
('Alise Nitavska', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schöne Optik und schöne Geschenkverpackung.\n')
('Marco Pinkert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product.\n')
('Amazon_Shopper', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean\n')
('Kejkeen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell impressed, no leaks, easy to clean great travel cup\n')
('Andthenitsgone', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas great for a few weeks, but now has started to leak around the seal. Pretty disappointed for not a cheap product\n')
('Anatoli Moiseev', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach nur super, hält was es verspricht. Würde ich immer wieder kaufen.\n')
('C. P.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nfür die Mittelkonsole etwas hoch und stört beim Schalten\n')
('Sandra', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie beste Thermoskanne, die ich je hatte. Es läuft nichts aus, und das Getränk bleibt lange warm.Um den Geruch hin und wieder zu neutralisieren, einfach Backpulver mit Wasser einfüllen. Die Kanne ist dann geruchsfrei und wie neu.\n')
('Amazon-Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProdukt an sich gut.Deckelreinigung nicht allzu umständlich - Vorsicht bei der erstmaligen „Inbetriebnahme“ des Bechers: Hier können Pladtikfäden des Einsatzes des Deckels lose herumhängen. Wahrscheinlich kleine Produktionsfehler, die auftreten können.Temperatur wird nicht so lange gehalten wie durch andere Rezensionen suggeriert - für mich aber durchaus ausreichend. Kaffee, den ich - wohlgemerkt mit Milch - frühmorgens einfülle, ist auch zwei Stunden danach noch angenehm  trinkbar.Was tatsächlich nervig ist liegt weniger am Becher als an der Kundenservice Abteilung.Mehrere Mails, ob ich denn nun zufrieden sei mit dem Produkt, fasse ich schon als Gängelung des Kunden auf.Conclusio: der Becher ist für den Preis ok. Die (indirekten) Bitten um eine gute Bewertung indes nicht\n')
('Lucylou', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this, had a travel mug that would leak everywhere so invested in this and it’s fantastic.  Can shake upside down and not lose a drop. Looks lovely.  Keeps your drink hot for hours - about 5 hours later it was still really hot.  One word of warning though, if you make a boiling drink and close straight away, it will stay that hot for hours and you’ll scald yourself.  Make drink and leave lid off for for 5 mins or more before sealing shut, then drink is a nice drinking temperature for hours.  You push the lid down like a button to open for drinking And press again to seal.\n')
('shaun ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is fab. My drink stayed hot for the whole time I was drinking it. I was on a drive for over an hour and it stayed the same temperature during the whole of that time. Well worth it.\n')
('Whyskie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa pintura se resquebraja rápidamente\n')
('David Myers', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nBrilliant travel mug\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSturdy, leak proof and keeps coffee hot, only downside is the paint peels off very easily.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch benutze ihn für Tee. Jetzt im Sommer auch gerne für kalten Tee. Bin sehr zufrieden. Habe nichts zu beanstanden.\n')
('H PREMJI', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI put coffee in it in the morning. It require only a quick wipe and wash and it's good to go again\n")
('E.Cowell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks really good in blue. The rubber on bottom is a nice touch. Kept coffee hot and outside of mug stayed cool.Unfortunately it leaked slightly from the lid when closed. I found the lid design made it awkward to drink from. Had put in cup holder in car and it picked up damage to finish almost instantly.\n')
('Robert', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nHält wirklich das was er verspricht. Mein Tee ist täglich über neun Stunden warm. Und auslaufen tut auch nix.\n')
('yippie!!!563!', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolut dicht! Hält heißen Kaffee und Tee über den Vormittag hinweg (mind. 5 h) warm!!!Es lässt sich sehr angenehm daraus trinken. Ich habe mir jetzt zum Winter extra noch einen neuen Becher für warmen Tee gekauft 😁\n')
('RM14', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Produkt. Ich weiss nicht, was einige hier so meckern und schreiben... Dass sich der Klickdeckel löst vom unteren Teil oder was auch immer.... Man kann das Teil komplett auseinander nehmen, was total super durchdacht ist!So kann man wirklich alles reinigen, rückstandslos und sauber - im Gegensatz zu so ziemlich jedem anderen Thermobecher den es gibt. Sehr gut durchdacht! Kein gammeln, kein festsetzen von Rückständen, halt 6+ Stunden warm und 100% dicht.Irgendwer schrieb hier was zu Geschmacksveränderung bei Tee nach 6 oder mehr Stunden im Becher... Tee wird halt bitter wenn er lange steht. Da reagiert nichts mit den Materialien... Wie auch. Ist Edelstahl...Tolles Produkt, ich benutze es seit gut 2 Jahren und kaufe nun noch einen für meine Freundin!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe nichts am Produkt zu bemängeln: gutes Design, absolut auslaufsicher, hält den Kaffee schön warm. Was will man mehr?\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlso die sind ihr Geld wert halten extrem lange heiss\n')
('Franziska', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nmein Versuch: 12h bleibt das anfangs kochend heiße Wasser auch wirklich ziemlich heiß, danach kühlt es langsam (!) ab...auf Trinktemperatur ;) also am besten nicht zu heiß einfüllen wenn man es zeitnah trinken will ;)kopfüber in die Handtasche ist kein Problem... am Anfang muss man sich beim Trinken an den Ausguss etwas gewöhnen, aber das geht schnell (durch die 360°-Öffnung trinkt es sich einfach anders als aus anderen Bechern...aber das ist ja das was ich wollte-360°) - das erste Mal daraus trinken empfehle ich mit handwarmen Wasser, zu Hause. Sehr zufrieden bin ich! Werd ihn wohl nochmal als Geschenk  bestellen :)\n')
('beverley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally like this mug, it is leak proof and I also like the pop drinking mechanism. Would definitely recommend.\n')
('Kaan Zamaan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI got this as a Christmas Present (2020) for my wife. She used it for the first time this week, and absolutely loves it. I made her a tea for work at 8.15am and, when she got home at 5.00pm, there was still some left inside. She asked me to try it - it was *still* warm: around the temperature that you would get from a cup of Tea you've left for 10 minutes. Incredible. Highly recommended.\n")
('D W', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKept hot on our 7 hour journey.Maybe just need to get a knack of pressing the top you open while driving, but most certainly leak proof.\n')
('Mr. L. Barrett', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIf you want scalding hot drinks that burn your tongue, this is for you! Nothing more to say other than it will definitely keep your tea/coffee hotter than the sun if that’s your thing. Me, I’d like a mug I can actually drink from without needing medical attention!\n')
('murat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDies ist, Und ich hoffe wird für lange Zeit der erste "teurere" Thermosbecher sein, den ich gekauft habe. Ja er ist bis jetzt (1Monat Dauereinsatz) absolut 100% Auslauf sicher. Er hält den Kaffee ca 3h heiss, sehr heiss und weitere 2 Stunden angenehm trinkbar. Aber am genialsten ist der Verschluss, dass man ihn einfacher zerlegen kann und leicht zu säubern ist. Punktlandung. Erfüllt alle meine Erwartungen und ich würde ihn wieder kaufen. Denke er hält aber lange..somit ist der Preis gerechtfertigt..und schon ca 30 Pappbecher gespart..ach und saugeil aussehen tut er dazu.\n')
('Barbara Hotchin', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nVery impressed so far\n')
('Bauer Julia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCan't complain, not only it looks great but it keeps the temperature and its really leak proof. Nothing to complain at all.\n")
('Patric K.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Becher vor kurzem Erworben, da ich einen vertrauenswürdigen auslaufsicheren Thermobecher benötige.Aus diesem Grund war ich auch bereit einen recht hohen Preis zu zahlen.Das Produkt hat mich allerdings zutiefst enttäuscht. Ich habe den befüllten Becher sachgerecht verschlossen umgedreht. Zunächst schien alles in Ordnung, doch sobald ich den Becher leicht geschüttelt habe, tropfte der Inhalt raus, und das auch nicht wenig. Das darf in meinem Tasche mit all den wertvollen Sachen nicht passieren.Ich habe den Deckel nochmals überprüft, ob der Fehler nicht an mir lag, aber habe nichts feststellen können. Es war einfach undicht. Daher keine Kaufempfehlung!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis travel mug is the best one I've had yet!It actually 'does' keep my coffee warm by the time I start my morning dog walk and is easier to drink from the normal 'side access' mugs you can buy.Well worth the money!\n")
('Kat0504', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNicer than a flask, easy on a windy hill for drinking.\n')
('chris', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThere’s nothing to dislike about this product. It keeps hot drinks at a good temperature for a long time.\n')
('LizAnnKen', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\namazing cup, do it's job, looks very nice and the customer service was great. thank you\n")
('Dovile', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nperfetto per essere tenuto in borsa perché ha un'ottima tenuta.\n")
('James', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug ever no need to check where the opening is whilst driving as it’s all the way around hence the name 360 . Dishwasher safe and stays hot for at least 7 hours ,doesn’t scald you either as the opening does not allow for a surge of liquid\n')
('Christina Kaube', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist top 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Beschenkte hat sich sehr gefreut\n')
('ChristineVenus', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMir gefällt das Produkt sehr sehr gut, nach einer langen Wanderung hatten wir immer noch schönen heißen Tee. So ein gutes Produkt hatte ich bisher noch nicht und bin sehr zufrieden damit. Viel Erfolg weiterhin.\n')
('Ganibegovic/Wiessler', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI loved the design and bought it for my husband, unfortunately the color went out so quickly:/ it functions well but the nice design no longer exists\n')
('phil', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is the best travel cup. Stars hot for ages\n')
('Cymbaline', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe only travel mug to still have a warm drink after an 8hr shift in the cold.\n')
('Roman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for hours\n')
('bally', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve had this mug for about 2 months and it was great, but now the lid won’t fully close and it leaks everywhere. Very disappointed\n')
('Mel977', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI LOVE IT! Yesterday I forgot it in my apartment, with my coffee inside, I was a bit piss...but when I came back after about 6 hours, I realised the coffee was still warm, not hot, but it was possible to drink it :) it keeps the flavour good, and so far no leaks. Sometimes though is not only one click to open the valve, but nothing too annoying\n')
('Jamsl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr positiv überrascht der Kaffee oder andere heissgetränke bleiben sehhhhhr lange heiss\n')
('louise mcnally', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSimple, leakproof, easy to clean and a small diameter base that fits into most cup holders. Hard to fault. The Camelbak Forge as also awesome but that's built for extreme knocks and harsh environments. If you don't need something that tough, then this is the travel mug to go for imo.\n")
('Oliver Harrison', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI get for present and my friend was very happy\n')
('Ethan', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely love it! Beautiful colour, kept my coffee so hot all morning at work. Inconvience of having to wash by hand as not dishwasher proof but I would still recommend it.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles modernes Design bei top Funktionalität\n')
('Tzwen', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\naufgrund der vielen Bewertungen, die das Abplatzen der Farbe beschrieben haben, habe ich gleich zu silber gegriffen, welcher auch ohne weitere Beschichtung ist. Da der Becher auch ohne Deckel die Getränke sehr lange warm hält und es super angenehm ist draus zu trinken, habe ich den Deckel bisher noch nie benutzt. Aber super leicht auseinander- und zusammenzubauen. Für den sicheren Stand ist am Boden ist eine Gummischeibe angebracht. Ich liebe dieses Teil.Habe mir aber überlegt 1 Stern abzuziehen, da man ja quasi gezwungen wird, silber zu nehmen.\n')
('Claire', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEverything is fine\n')
('Marie B.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist der "Rote"- Becher. Wenn ich meinen Becher mit der Anzeige vergleiche,muss ich feststellen. Jemand ist Farbenblind, der Hersteller, der Fotograf, oder ich.Nachtrag: benutze den Becher seid mehreren Tagen und musste feststellen, daß die Verschraubung  Deckel / Becher, beim trinken nicht zuverlässig dicht ist.\n')
('Brendan R.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHeat retentionNot efficient enough to keep water hot enough overnight in spite of heating item well before use.Disappointing.\n')
('Michele', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the second one of these i have bought,absolutely love them and the customer service is second to none,couldnt be more helpful or obliging 6 stars\n')
('Abbie ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug that definitely keeps my coffee warm however it’s not dishwasher safe. The outside colour (which was a fabulous deep purple) has disappointedly flaked off over time. I’d buy another one but won’t put it in the dishwasher.\n')
('C d evans', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI read several reviews of this and similar travel mugs prior to ordering this one and I have to say I wasn’t disappointed.This has been a great purchase and I use it everyday to take my homemade coffee with me on the train to work.  The mug keeps the coffee hot for literally hours, it’s brilliant.It can be a little awkward to clean to load properly, but I just chuck it in the dishwasher every other day and that does the job.Highly recommend.\n')
('Kristin_goersch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin toller Kaffebecher. Bin begeistert wie lange er Getränke heiß ♨ hält.Ich habe die wahrhaft richtige Entscheidung getroffen.Nichts läuft aus, und liegt bequem in der Hand ✋. Klare Kaufempfehlung\n')
('Jenny Bean', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nVery pleased with the mug:  does what it says in its description and confirmed in previous reviews.  I've tried several others but none was as good as this (or as good as they said they were).  Customer service really good, too:  the original lid leaked a little so I contacted the company who replaced it without problem.  Highly recommended.\n")
('Merle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlso was soll ich sagen... ja, der Lack hat schon leichte Macken, und ja, aus Faulheit schmeiß ich die Deckelteile einmal die Woche in die Spüli, und nein, ich bau die Dichtungen nicht regelmäßig auseinander. Aber: ich nutz den Becher täglich in der Werkstatt, er ist schon runtergefallen, ich spül ihn täglich einfach mit klarem Wasser aus, die Deckelteile haben den Spülmaschinen-Gang bis jetzt schadlos überstanden, es geht fast ein halber (!) Liter Kaffee rein, der bleibt über Stunden heiß, und ich hab eben meinem Mann seinen eigenen Becher bestellt weil er immer aus meinem mitschnäbelt... zusammen mit meiner 720dgree Wasserflasche mein treuester Begleiter!!\n')
('Sarah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use, keeps things hot or cold for long periods. Would highly recommend\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTut was es soll. Gut verarbeitet und dicht in jeder Lage. Hab es ausprobiert. Hält lange die Temperatur sowohl heiß als auch kalt. Nicht Günstig  aber Wertig. Leicht zu reinigen (Verschluss).\n')
('Jule M', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles ist perfekt an diesem Becher. Bruch- sicher, Auslauf- sicher, wunderschöne Farbe.\n')
('Mrs Heather Power', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLoved this.. taking it to work the cinema and always in the car ...so far so good .... grandson wants one for the football but not sure if it would be durable enough he finds it slippy a removable outer  cover for grip and protection would be good that's why it got 4 stars ..  will keep you up to date with this product as we use it ...  expensive so its gonna have to be extra good ... paid for itself because I've stopped buying expensive coffee when out and about .... holds about a mug and a half\n")
('Jane', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI don’t think I’ve ever left a review on anything but I feel I have to on this one. I bought it as a present for my boyfriend’s birthday bc he loves hot chocolate for work and purple is his favourite colour. This is just amazing! It doesn’t leak, it’s easy to clean everything out and there’s been no bad smell. But be warned because even if you’ve left it for 8 hours, it will still burn your tongue! I’ve had so many really expensive travel mugs before and if you’re wondering if this one is worth the spend - it definitely is. He absolutely loves it! His work mates have started buying them and it won’t be long until I get one for myself!\n')
('J. Kelly', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good travel mug. Keeps coffee hot for hours. Just need to remember which ‘click’ is open and which is closed.\n')
('S. Corleis', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar lange auf der Suche, leider passt ja quasi kein thermo Becher unter einen Vollautomaten, aber dieser hier sieht top aus, hält dicht und auch wirklich lange heiß oder auch kalt imSommer!Ich persönlich finde die Reinigung gut und simpel da man die Teile schnell auseinander geschraubt hat!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHalt sehr warm auch wenn man erst nach Stunden zum trinken kommt ist man überrascht wie warm das Getränk noch ist dicht ist das Teil auch\n')
('Iris', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Design, leicht auseinander zu nehmen und zu reinigen und auslaufsicher, so habe ich mir das vorgestellt.\n')
('Km', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect\n')
('Micha', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNichts zu beanstanden,  toller Becher, sehr wertig und gut verarbeitet,  100% auslaufsicher und elegantes Design. Passt genau in die Autohalterung.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI\'ve made coffee in this at 9am and it\'s still been "burn your tongue hot" at 3pm! Completely spill-proof so great as a travel mug, but mainly used at work.\n')
('Christine D.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch liebe ihn\n')
('duncan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBe warned, it genuinely keeps drinks hot for much longer than you expect!\n')
('Anonymer Käufer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKann man haben\n')
('Miss K White', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this flask for the first time in Aug19 and it’s excellent, so I decided to buy another one to have a spare one but thinking of giving it to my daughter as a Christmas present now, I definitely recommend it to anyone who travels to work daily or spends time driving often, thank you!\n')
('Stephan Vetter', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer Becher funktioniert perfekt. Kenne Das System schon vom WMF, dieser passte aber leider nicht in meine Autohalterung. Der passt und funktioniert einwandfrei. Es tropft nichts und die Flüssigkeit bleibt heiß.\n')
('richard baumjohann', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin total begeistert. Die Auswahl ist bei Amazon nicht leicht. Der 720°Degree Becher ist groß, hält meinen Kaffee stundenlang heiß und es trinkt sich super daraus. Danke für dieses Produkt.\n')
('Adolcio', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLieß sich direkt nach dem Auspacken nicht mehr öffnen. Verschluss hat geklemmt.\n')
('Mummy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this to replace my old thermos. It is amazing how it stays so hot, make coffee at 7 still drinking it at 9.30, perfect for cold days.\n')
('Siaan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best travel mug ever!!! Tea is still hot 5 hours after making it, lid comes apart for easy cleaning and it looks good, too.\n')
('Jo D', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutley fantastic, used for hot drinks and it was incredible, didnt experience a single leak and for 90% of the time it was on its side in my bag, super easy to drink from with the click button on the top. Wojld highly recommend this product to anyone!\n')
('James Maher', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nVery good design with a non slip base, easy to clean lid system (twist to take it all apart). I had it in a backpack whilst riding my bike and had no leakage from the cup what so ever very pleased.\n')
('June', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad this cup over a week now. It is great, coffee stays hot for a long time and it is easy to drink from. Fully recommend this 720 degree cup.\n')
('Dan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMake my first cup of coffee around 05:30, and it reamins hot even around 14:00-15:00. Which also means that first cup lasts a lot longer than usual. Seal is (so far) perfect. Managed to knock over a completely full cup, and NO spillage ensued. Most importantly, for use in a car (taxi), NO spew of coffee droplets upon opening and closing the seal. So important in a passenger car, that otherwise will smell of stale coffee within days.\n')
('forestfan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCouldn't drink with lid in place without dribbling. Drinking gap bigger than my mouth. John A\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to drink from and keep clean and my tea or coffee stays hot for hours!\n')
('jamies-mama', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hatte ein Werbegeschenk für warme Getränke und während der Autofahrt lief der Inhalt auf den Rücksitz. Jetzt habe ich einen eleganten Kaffee-Thermobecher, in dem der Kaffee darin bleibt und trinkwarm ist. Dafür habe ich gern etwas mehr ausgegeben. Qualität hat eben seinen Preis.\n')
('Caty', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin mit dem Becher total zufrieden und er hält, was in der Produktinformation steht. Tolles Design und mein Kaffe bleibt schön heiß und auslaufsicher. Mein alter Thermosbecher was diesbezüglich nicht der beste und der Deckel ging mir mehrmals defekt und ging auch schwer zum reinigen und wieder einbauen. Der 720....ist einfach in der Demontage ud auch schgnell wieder zusammen geschraubt. Und er ist nicht zu dick und passt in mein Auto in den Getränkehalter ohne Probleme. Viele andere Becher sind einfach du dick und passen nicht optimal....also..klare Kaufempfehlung meinerseits!!!\n')
('Pontus', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis was bought as a gift and the recipient describes it as the best he has ever owned.Used for daily car commutes and importantly - is very easy to open and drink from while driving. No spillages or fiddling to open.Keeps the drink piping hot too.Good product.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent/ love this\n')
('Gazalondon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wanted a coffee cup that I could carry in my bag for work, or have in the car without worrying about any leaks or spills - and something that looks good too. This fits the bill perfectly. Absolutely no leaks).\n')
('Marcus Halbig', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt was a gift for my mom, she is so happy with it!\n')
('Mitchell91', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMy old thermos mug had to be retired after many years of service so I needed something that would be easy to use while driving but still keep my coffee hot.  This is PERFECT!The pop-up pop-down lid is easy to use one-handed, without looking, whilst driving, and it fits in the cup-holder and the door cup-space,.  If it falls over it doesn't leak, not even a drop, if the lid is closed.The best bit is that it keeps my coffee hot - and I mean HOT.The first time I used it I was used to my old thermos which meant that after half an hour in the car it was drinkable temperature - not so this flask - I burned my mouth!!  After 2 hours it's still too hot to do more than sip at it.  After 6 hours it's more or less drinkable temperature, if you've been sipping at it.  It is basically superb for keeping things hot!!I cannot recommend this highly enough for people who travel and like hot coffee!!The lid comes apart for easy washing but as coffee tends to leave an aroma on lids, even after the best washing, I have bought an extra lid for the times I want tea.  The inside of the flask does not hold the smell of the previous drink after washing.I have now ordered a 720DGREE insulated water-bottle for an upcoming trip to a hot climate - I will review this after my trip.I have not been asked, or paid, for this review in any way, and I don't often write reviews, but I just love this product!!\n")
('Robert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sehr lange warm, angenehm zu benutzen und tolle Optik.\n')
('Mrs. Georgina M F Isaac', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFabulous!  Really does keep my coffee hot for most of the day. Also tea tastes nice out of it which is unusual for flasks I find.\n')
('Neil.hardy70', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMolto bella la linea e buonissima la qualità del prodotto e la sua funzionalità....il prezzo ne vale la pena...mantiene il caldo alle bevande consente di bere il tuo the a una temperatura confortevole nell’arco di tutta la mattina....comodo il tappo perché consente di bere stando in macchina senza dover togliere ogni volta tappo\n')
('Bernadette Mohan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nÈ un buon thermos che tiene le bevande in temperatura a lungo ma è impossibile trasportarlo in borsa.La chiusura è a pressione quindi la possibilità che si apra accidentalmente sono alte.Più volte mi si è aperto in borsa.\n')
('lisa', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood choice of colours, we already had one so knew they were a good buy.Nice style.Not leaked in car  compared to last one we had(different make)\n')
('susan du plessis', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust make sure it is shut. Works how  I would expect and want.\n')
('Eyüp Akyol', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin mit dem Produkt sehr sehr zufrieden. Ich empfehle es gerne weiter.\n')
('Poco', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHatte den Thermobecher in meinem Rucksack. Deckel hat sich durch Bewegungen des Rucksacks eingedrückt und somit ist der ganze Kaffee ausgelaufen. Ist mir schon 2 mal passiert. Würde Becher nicht mehr kaufen.\n')
('Wilbert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLike the product, I've had a few minor leaks from the seal on the outside unfortunately, cleaning it is mega easy and easy to open and close unless there is a pressure build up where you have to open the lid\n")
('Mynka', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI LOVE this cup! Finally, a travel cup that ticks all of the boxes. I bought this to throw in my bag so I have a hot drink after a swim in the sea. I’ve tried so many reusable cups such as Stojo (leaks), Thermos, Chillys, Bodum and was fed up of having to keep it upright and dribbling lukewarm coffee on myself when driving.✅ 100% leakproof even upside down. Just throw it in your bag and go.✅ Keeps drink piping hot. Too hot! I have left mine outside on a freezing cold beach for an hour and it’s still hot. Don’t warm the cup up before making your drink in it. Make your drink in a cup/jug first then pour it in. It will be perfect temp to drink when you’re ready. I actually take the lid off while I’m getting changed to cool it down.✅ You can drink from any angle when the lid is pressed in. Handy for driving.✅ Design is nice and sleek, easy to wash and take apart/put back together. So far the coloured coating has stayed put even after rolling around on sandy concrete.✅ Outside is cool to touch so you can hold easily.✅ Capacity is generous, good if you like a big cup of coffee. However it still fits into the cup holders in my car. It fits nicely into my coat pocket as well.✅ Super easy to open/close. Just press on lid once to open or close.100% recommend. Just buy one, you won’t regret it.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDefinitely leak proof comes out a little fast when you drink, but stays warm, and overall great travel cup\n')
('Mario Knoth', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRasche Lieferung - perfekt dicht! Um 06:30 Kaffee eingefüllt und um 10:00 immer noch heiß, um 12:30 immer noch gut lauwarm! Super Ausguss bzw. kann man super daraus trinken ohne sich zu beschmutzen.Hatte noch nie so einen tollen Becher. Der Letzte von Neskaffee war der Kaffee bis ich in der Firma war (ca. 1/2 Stunde) nur mehr lauwarm - bis 10:00 war es ein Eiskaffee! Würde ich sofort wieder kaufen!\n')
('Mel', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nMinor blemish when i got it.  Aftersales quickly sent a new part from Germany./. Amazing mug and service!\n')
('Christina Kuhn', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was es verspricht . Morgens Kaffee rein und 18 Uhr noch heiß.\n')
('Miss Messie Kamanda', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI cannot recommend this product enough. I make a coffee in the morning and it's still hot at lunchtime. It doesn't leak and I have not had any spillages whilst drinking from it. Its more expensive than others but it's not in the same league as the ones you can get for a fiver.\n")
('cassie beal', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCup came early in a nice packaging. This cup is one of the best I’ve used so far keeps my coffee hot for a good part of the day and easy to use and you can drink from any where off the top which is why I said it was unusual.Really good product would recommend!\n')
('nonnel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSistema di chiusura\n')
('Christian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAußer einem tollen Design kann ich leider nichts gutes über diesen Becher sagen. Der Becher war direkt defekt angekommen, der Verschluss war nicht zu öffnen und ich vermute das ist ein Konstruktionsfehler, daher ging der Becher leider direkt wieder Retoure. Umtausch hat aber problemlos geklappt, daher zwei Sterne für Design und Problemloser Umtausch.\n')
('Megan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing in all ways! It’s leak proof, it’s slender, the color I selected is amazing I love it! It’s a perfect size for me, it’s weightless and very robust. Keeps my hot drink hot for a good while. I have absolutely no complaints what so ever about this Travel Mug. I would highly recommend it to anybody. :)\n')
("Byron O'Mahoney", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe outside colouring started to peel quite quickly but other than that it’s been good.\n')
('R.J.L', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with this. Keeps my drink warm for over 5 hours. Only issue I have with it is the push to drink/lock feature which gets stuck a lot.\n')
('Lesley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product So easy to use and keeps drinks hot/cold for hours.Better than many other products I have bought For my commute!  great customer service, After purchase they contact you to see how you’re getting on.\n')
('Mark Clamp', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product keeps liquid really hot\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExtremely excellent quality and keep the warmth of the drinks . The only downside is that sometimes it is hard to notice if it is open or closed . Unfortunately got stolen in the airport 😅\n')
('Toby Robertson-vella', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt does not remove the real or coffee stains no matter what you use for cleaning.\n')
('Martin Hickling', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent mug keeping coffee hot for up to 8 hours! Leak proof, easy to clean as can take the whole lid apart. Very hygienic!\n')
('Weberknecht', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch benutze den Kaffeebecher seit über einem Jahr und bin sehr begeistert.Nicht nur, dass er ziemlich schick ist und durch seine schlanke Form in jede Seitentasche passt:Er hält trotz der dünnen Wände den Kaffee sehr lange heiß (mehrere (mind. 4h eher mehr) Stunden, auch wenn er nicht mehr ganz voll ist) Ich hatte ihn immer mit in der Uni und auch am Ende des Tages noch warmen Kaffee.Da ich schwarz trinke muss er auch ordentlich heiß sein.Die Pulverbeschichtung (in meinem Falle Rot) hat sich durch Kratzer und Spülmaschine stellenweise abgelöst. Könnte man runterkratzen, dann ist er halt silber. Normale Abnutzung würde ich sagen. Wer das vermeiden will, kaufe gleich den silbernen.Da das Gewinde in den Kaffeebecher geht, kann es sein, dass bei zu hoher Befüllung oder wenn sich beim eingießen dort Flüssigkeit sammelt und anfangs noch seitlich Tropfen rausquellen. Wenn man da vorher das Gewinde abtrocknet und ihn nich randvoll macht is alles gut. Ansonsten ist der Becher völlig auslaufsicher. Hab ihn dennoch immer Hochkant in der Tasche stecken, damit nichts gegen den großen Knopf drückt...Alles in allem: ich liebe ihn und er ist schön schlank, passt in jede Tasche! Hat mich sogar etwas mehr überzeugt als mein alter von Emsa...\n')
('Mitchell Donaldson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have had the product for about a week for tea and coffee at my desk so no heavy use outside.Cleaning the flask top is a simple matter of unscrewing the underside of the top that comes off.The warm liquid keeps for many hours I have left coffee gone to sleep and awoken to lukewarm coffee enough to drink. If you do plan to leave the drink for many hours keeping the button unpressed will keep your drink warm for longer.I have noticed that drinks keep warm for more time than advertise (5-9 hours) 8 - 12 hours where 10 hours is not ice-cold if the button is unpressed. If the button is pressed the liquid cools quicker.Under daily use, the steel neck will be stained.If you drink powdered hot chocolate or other drinks made up with powder energy drinks maybe, but hot chocs definitely will clog the top of the flask this can be clean as mentioned above easily.I do like the fact that this company emails to check your satisfied with the product very few companies follow up with their customers.\n')
('Peter Davis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct is superb at first but after a couple of months becomes prone to spilling after even though securing it tightly and placing it on a lateral position. Also, takes an effort to clean due to its 3 parts connection that needs to be separated every after use, needs to be cleaned thoroughly or else, it will trap the last drink and somehow stink. Has to detach all the rubbers as well because it traps liquids from previous drinks. Disappointed with the product.\n')
('SJS', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt does keep my coffee hot for hours. It's easy to manage and looks good. Well worth the price tag. When I drink from it I find I am only sipping and would like to it to 'release' more but that's fine. It's very safe also to carry around. A very good product and best travel mug I've bought to date.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '')
('Susan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt was a present for Xmas for my son who is very happy with it the best part is that it stays hot for quite a considerable time I did a lot of research to find the best one and am very happy with my choice\n')
('warren fontillas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am very happy with the product, definetly worth the money.Totally recommend:)\n')
('Miss E R E Warren', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally does keep the heat which if great  Not sure I like how you drink from it.  Maybe just need to get used to it.\n')
('KK', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schöner Thermobecher, ist leicht zu reinigen und hält den Inhalt mehr als ausreichend warm/heiß.Ich werde definitiv weitere kaufen.\n')
('Orla OKane', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI can compare this to a brabantia and a thermos mug. ‘‘Tis is by far the best of the lot. It is completely leakproof and easy to clean. I find this really good to use at the office as it’s very slick and in keeping with smart office clothes. On that note though the lid makes a really loud click so in quiet meetings I feel quite self conscious opening it.\n')
('Chris Potter', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSturdy and stays warm\n')
('Muntonius', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is really useful to be able to dismantle the lid for washing.It is leak proof and keeps hot drinks hot for a long time.\n')
('Pauline 27', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBien. Ne fuit pas\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWorst ever buy, absolutely disgusted. On first and only use mug filled with hot water, mug got so hot I could hardly hold it. Four hours later on opening, tea was stone cold. What a waste of £20. Avoid this item at all cost\n')
('Therru', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles super :)\n')
('Silke Scherlitz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin bisher voll und ganz zufrieden. Er hält super warm und sieht dabei noch schick aus.\n')
('Mrs. A. M. Stone', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy husband ordered this and he is very, very pleased with it. Much better than cheaper versions, worth the cost according to my husband\n')
('Zoe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this as a present for my mum who is remarkably picky and she loves it..... It does a full round of golf and her coffee stays hot, she can't get over it and weeks on is still amazed... One happy customer..\n")
('Corina Schayka', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch kann die Rezessionen teilweise nicht verstehen, die Flasche ist auslaufsicher und die Farbe löst sich nicht ab, ich wasche es mit der Hand und bekomme es sauber.Natürlich ist es ein kleiner Aufwand die Teile zu zerlegen, aber es ist ziemlich schnell erledigt.Habe die Thermosflasche umgedreht, anfangs skeptisch, aber sie ist dicht.Der Kaffee war selbst nach 6 Stunden noch warm, also so warm, dass man sich nicht mehr den Mund verbrennt.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEndlich ein Becher, wo nichts ausläuft, wo das Getränk heiß bleibt (fast schon zu heiß😅),der gut in der Hand liegt,  in der Lieblingsfarbe, zu einem noch annehmbaren Preis.Super Becher, sehr zufrieden!\n')
('Teely', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing travel mug. Totally leak free. Very easy to use and clean. Looks incredible and is also thin enough to fit in any car cup holder. Very happy with my purchase.\n')
('Chris Moz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing keeps drinks very hot for a long time just what I need working in a cold warehouse.\n')
('Aiana', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIm Auto bei langen Fahrten. Kaffee bleibt schön lange warm.\n')
('Mr. Simon T. Miller', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean\n')
('Julia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nüber die grundsätzliche Dichtheit kann ich leider keine Auskunft geben.Ich habe den Becher verschenkt und er ist durch seine Optik bereits sehr gut angekommen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot, ideal for walks and work\n')
('Geoff H', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent-keeps coffee warm for ages👍\n')
('Daniel Davies', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe only downside is that it keeps drinks too hot... two hour train journey and still too hot to drink, the insulation is awesome!!!\n')
('Jay', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKaffee schmeckt gut Geschmack verfälscht nicht durch Alu kein FremdgeschmackBonn mega zufrieden TOP\n')
('Marie', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOk ok ok ok\n')
('Caroline ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought as a gift and it seems to be good (though time will tell). The lid locks in place and has a nice strong clicking mechanism to allow drinking from anywhere on the cup. Looks solid, sturdy and well made. I'll post an update review once it's been used but so far so good.\n")
('Ursus', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like the style, it perfectly fits in the hand and keeps temperature for a really long time.It is not comfortable to drink from as it splits out from all around the cup and the liquid can burn all your lips.Classic travel mugs appear to be much more practical for me.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den thermobecher als Geschenk gekauft er kam gut an und meine Bekannte ist sehr zufrieden.\n')
('Ian Mckinna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNever leaks. Easy to clean. Keeps contents warm for ages. I often take top off in order to cool contents down, and that's 3 hours after being filled.\n")
('A J MORLEY-DAVIES', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says but little akward to drink from but still would get it again\n')
('Vicki', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper endlich mal heißen Tee\n')
('Blanca Flores', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery stylish!\n')
('baby dragon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wanted to wait until I actually used this so I could write an accurate review. I’ve used it every day this week and I really like it. It looks stylish and I love the colour, although I’m now thinking of getting the onyx one too. I have Arthritis so I can struggle holding things in my hands especially in the cold, but I found this travel mug was really comfortable to hold. I think it’s because it’s slighty slimmer than other mugs, and the material they use on the outside of the mug is easy to grip. I made my coffee just after 8 am and it was still hot hours later, and I hadn’t even pre-warmed it. It was the same with the milk based hot chocolate so on busy mornings at work when I kept being interrupted, I didn’t miss out on my hot chocolate whilst it was actually hot!It really does not leak, you can hold it upside down and nothing will come out (just make sure you’ve popped the lid down first before showing off to your work colleagues). It is ridiculously easy to wash and you know there’s no brown junk building in the parts you can’t get to like in other mugs. I’m really pleased that I got one.\n')
('Fairytales', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo\n')
('Louise B', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat at keep drinks hot and easy to keep clean. Best travel mug I have owned by far\n')
('John Boy', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was so disappointed with this product. After reading all the reviews I thought it would be good, but the design was awful! Really flimsy top that needed to click shut, the one I had was extremely temperamental so had to return this.\n')
('Nicola cairns', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis keep your coffee hot for several hours. Very easy to open and drink from as it is open all round the rim.\n')
('Hui Ling', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt really does keep drinks hot - you need to make sure that it is not too hot when you pour it in or it remains too hot to drink\n')
('Chris', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nWe use these a lot, and I decided I should review them because they are really good.  What is particularly excellent about them is that you can easily disassemble and clean the drinking bit.  No hesitation in recommending them.\n')
('fritz', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat eine Woche gehalten. Danach ist der Verschluss kaputtgegangen und der Kaffee komplett ausgelaufen. Dabei habe ich ihn nicht einmal in die Spüle getan. Sehr enttäuscht für den Preis.\n')
('Joyce Olher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin seit mehreren Wochen Besitzerin einer dieser Thermobecher und eigentlich sehr zufrieden. Lässt sich problemlos reinigen, kein Chemiegeruch, liegt gut in der Hand. Es trinkt sich außerdem sehr angenehm aus ihm und er hält unglaublich lange das Getränk heiß ( mindestens 6-8 Stunden). Das Entriegeln geht spielerisch leicht was mich auch zu dem eigentlichen Dilemma führt. Es ist von außen kaum sichtbar ob der Thermobecher entriegelt ist oder nicht und es entriegelt sich fast von selbst, wenn er beispielsweise in der Tasche umher getragen wird und mit einem anderen Gegenstand etwas stärker in Berührung kommt (Druck von oben). Dies führte dazu, dass er sich auf meinem AutoRücksitz völlig unbemerkt entleert hat. An dieser Stelle sollten die Hersteller nochmals Verbesserungen anstellen. Ansonsten kann ich den Thermobecher bedenkenlos weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Ulrika Kromer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI liked this product a lot but after 3 times it has been washed in dishwashing Maschine the colorful film began to slime. You can see it on the photo. I am very disappointed because it was not written anywhere that it is not allowed to wash in dishwashing Maschine. And this mug is not cheap in general by price so why it should have happened at all..... and to be honest fromThe beginning I’ve bought this mug because of its color. And now I can throw it to the garbage bin...\n')
('Alan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve purchased three mugs and a replacement lid after one of them broke, I’ve cleaned them after every use as instructed and eventually they have all had a horrible sour taste and smell no matter how many times I fully dismantled and thoroughly cleaned them.\n')
('Lydia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCoffee hot for about 6-8 hours\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGrottenschlecht. Schon nach dem dritten Mal funktioniert der Druckverschluss nicht mehr. Und zerlegen kann man da auch nichts. Also geht, oder geht - wie gerade erlebt - eben nicht. Völlig ungeeignet, aber toll designed!!\n')
('agnieszka wnorowska', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good product, excellent service\n')
('Natalie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent flask - Looks great, keeps the drink hot for hours and doesn’t leak.\n')
('JsyGirl', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant.  Totally leak proof and keeps drinks, warm for a long time (5 hours plus). Only downside is it is quite easy to forget to close lid after drinking from it.  The cup then emptied in my bag.  However that is a user problem rather than a design fault.  Would certainly buy another.\n')
('Marvin', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Farbe blättert schon nach ein paar Wochen ab.\n')
('Matthias Nowotny', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher ist absolut undicht, genauso schlecht ist der Kundenservice - auf meine Nachfragen, Reklamationen hat sich keiner gemeldet.\n')
('Heike Barthmann', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Kaffee bleibt wirklich warm. Ich habe schon einige Fehlkäufe gemacht und bin hiervon begeistert\n')
('FlyinIsa', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Kaffee hält im Becher stundenlang warm. Dazu kann der Deckel zerlegt werden zum reinigen. Kann den Becher einfach nur empfehlen. Es ist mittlerweile mein dritter Becher wo von zwei verschenkt wurden.\n')
('laura Ewen', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps drinks very hot! When using this I can make my drink and put the lid on and it's ready to drink 4 hours later! Excellent for when I'm stuck out the house for a long time. But obviously can also be used for less time if left to cool before the lids put on.\n")
('kdkn', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product, however has an awful plastic taste, even after cleaning multiple times.  It overpowers the drink and makes me feel sick.Will be reverting to my old flask\n')
('Daniel L. G.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest one I’ve used !!\n')
('Graham Taylor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice cup,you can put it in your pocket or coat and it wont explode .awesome cup\n')
('Chrissi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Qualität super Kundenservice.\n')
('Chez', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought it for my friend, she really like it. Very convenient, Easy to clean. can provide hot water for a long time.\n')
('Andrea Marie Klein', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\ntoller Becher. Läuft nicht aus und hält die Getränke heiß\n')
('R', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWärmeleistung, Handhabung super, aber der Lack blättert in Nullkommanix ab, man hat überall Lackreste, Becher sieht total schäbig aus. Da explizit mit dem tollen Design geworben wird, ist das echt schwach.\n')
('JoAna', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Haptik und das Design des Thermobechers ist klasse. Jedoch finde ich in anbetracht der Tatsache dass der Thermobecher nicht zu 100% dicht (tropft sobald man den Becher längere Zeit Kopf über stellt oder ihn stärker schüttelt) den Preis zu hoch.\n')
('Sebastian Ruderich', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gutes Produkt, funktioniert einwandfrei und sieht auch sehr schön aus. Verarbeitung ist hervorragend.\n')
('Sean Quinn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought one as a present for my colleague as I had one for Christmas. Amazing. I previously used the Contigo travel mugs, but they wouldn’t stay hot after lunch. These however are still hot well into the late afternoon. So now my other mug is my morning drink and this is my afternoon drink.Slim enough to fit into my vans cup holder, robust enough to stand up to a builders life.What’s not to like.\n')
('Linda', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLooks good, came when it was supposed to. Couldn't comment about the rest as it was purchased as a gift.\n")
('carol richards', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA large capacity drinks canister which is leakproof. Nice to hold and easy to drink from. Depress the top to drink and pop up to keep the drink inside. Good range of colours to choose from. Keeps the heat in well.\n')
('AK', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlso ich würde das Teil wieder kaufen. Ist ja nur mein 58282. TO GO Becher. Durch das Edelstahl super für die Spülmaschine. Ich habe mir meinen Tee für meine Winterwanderungen immer morgens im Hotel gemacht und Nachmittags war er noch super warm!\n')
('Markus Gold', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher läuft nicht aus, hält das Getränk lange warm und die Farbe ist wie beschrieben\n')
('1x gekauft ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher sieht schon nach einem Monat hässlich aus. Die Farbe blättert komplett ab.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin sehr zufrieden mit dem thermo becher. Hätte lange warm\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest Travel Mug ! Keep coffee very hot up to six hours. Good size to hold and easy to clean. Recommended.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPain.to clean as you have to dismantle lid\n')
('Mr A J Marshall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe bought this as it was easier for my father to use as he didnt like the cups just with the little drinking hole. As he was taking it to work we wanted a leak proof onr\n')
('Elizabeth', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI bought this for my husband as a Christmas present (2019). He works in a cold warehouse where tea and coffee is readily available and accessible. He said this travel mug is the best he’s ever used ( and there’s been a lot ). In fact, he has said “it’s too good”, as it keeps his hot beverages piping hot, even more than hour later. So be careful if you take a big slurp, it may still be very hot. Arrived in good time and had a courtesy email from the seller.\n')
('Andrew Adlington', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this mug, but be warned it keeps hot drinks scolding! Ok if you have an asbestos lined mouth, but takes ages to cool, even with the lid off.  It’s great for long journeys tho, if you don’t want to drink it straight away- hence the 4stars, otherwise it’s 5 star all round!\n')
('Nigel Davies', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSleek and stylish Mug, drinks stay piping hot, it's easy to open with one hand and fit's in drinks holder in my car.. 10/10\n")
('N. A.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist seitdem ich ihn habe fast immer in meiner Nähe. Er gefällt mir besonders weil ich ihn gut mit meinen kleinen Händen halten kann. An der Thermo Becher waren so bauchig und fuer mich schwierig zu halten... I ch liebe ihn und hab ihn gleich noch mal in einer anderen Farbe fuer meine Tochter gekauft\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHo appena acquistato il prodotto per la mia compagna. Ne è talmente soddisfatta che ne vorrebbe un altro. Tiene benissimo la temperatura le bevande restano molto calde. Non ci sono assolutamente perdite di liquidi ed è molto comodo per bere. Ottimo prodotto consigliato\n')
('Katja', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign ist wie auf dem Bild ein schönes mattes Schwarz. Wirklich sehr schön, gefällt mir richtig gut.Ich mach mir Abends immer nen Tee für die Fahrt in die Arbeit am nächsten Morgen. Von meinem alten Becher bin ich es noch gewohnt, dass der dann Trinkbar ist in der Früh. Bei dem hier hab ich mich verbrannt, der hält enorm warm. Find echt cool!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlready have one of these. So good I had to buy a second!\n')
('Ollie G', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBy far the best travel mug Ive owned. I wasnt keen on the 360° opening at first but soon got used to it and now prefer it. I throw this in my handbag each morning Without any leaks and my coffee stays hot for hrs. In fact - be warned I scalded myself a couple of times when I expected at least some cooling after a few hours and it was still piping hit. I dont pre warm the cup and have to add cold water if I intend to drink from it within a couple of hours. Mine is cobalt blue and looks very smart.  Highly recommended.\n')
('Ramona Schalitz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGenial! Als Taxifahrer habe ich dieses Teil immer dabei. Formschönes Design\n')
('Marie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps liquids hot for a long period just as it is advertised. The stopper works very well, proper screw on lid, one push on the stopper and you can drink from any position around the lid, push again to seal it. Simplicity it’s self. A great product. 👍👍👍👍👍\n')
('Ms A M C', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant mug that keeps your drink really warm . I had a problem with the lid and had excellent service from Customer Services.\n')
('Meroujan', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHAD ITEM FOR TWO WEEKS.  DROPPED IT ON KITCHEN FLOOR TONIGHT FROM ABOUT 2 FEET ONTO LAMINATED FLOORING AND LID CRACKED SO IS NOW USELESS.  WON'T BUY AGAIN, AT £20 I WOULD HAVE EXPECTED MORE. VERY DISAPPOINTED.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst jeden taģ im Einsatz zur Arbeit. Hält über 8 Stunden heiß.\n')
('Steph', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nVery very good product , I recommend buying it\n')
('Alexander', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolut erstklassiger Thermobecher. Er ist zuverlässig jeden Tag in Benutzung seid ich ihn habe. Absolut auslaufsicher!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch verwende den kaffeebecher täglich als kraftfahrerin . Er hält sehr lang die Wärme und sieht zudem noch echt schick aus . Bin super zufrieden damit ... diese Investition hat sich echt gelohnt ...\n')
('Lara Howe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ndoes just as advertised easy to use keps drinks hot all day\n')
('defender', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Becher,hält lange die Getränke heiß!Empfehlenswert.\n')
('michael sommer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper.....\n')
('GemCakes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally pleased with this item. Tested on day received and remained hot for 9 hours and water was still hot even then.  So far it’s not leaking,long may it continue.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI had this travle mug for a few months now and are still extremely happy with this purchase.It does keep the contents hot inside, it's cool to the touch in the outside and it's pretty leak prove. Never had any problems with it so far.I do like it's slim and sleek desine and the rubber on the bottom of the flask to keep it sturdy on the smooth surface.\n")
('Techniker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWürde ich immer wieder kaufen!!!Nur zu empfehlen!!!!\n')
('Miss M Jackson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust make sure you put drink in at the temperature you prefer to drink it as this keeps liquids hot for many hours. We went out for the day and the coffee was still too hot 6 hours later.  Excellent product.\n')
('Nascha', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch liiiiiebe diesen Thermobecher!! Ich hatte schon unendlich viele Thermobecher und keinen davon hab ich mehr als 1-2 mal benutzt. Dieser hier läuft auch nach mehrmaligem benutzen nicht aus. Ich finde es auch Klasse das ich den Deckel gut auseinander bauen kann, um ihn gründlich zu reinigen. Zudem kann ich sehr gut aus diesem trinken ohne das mir der Kaffe an den Mundwinkeln runter läuft, wie so oft bei anderen Thermobechern. Perfekt für unterwegs!! Absolute Kaufempfehlung!!!\n')
('Antje.fischle', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEin wahnsinnig tolles Produkt. Fühlt sich sehr hochwertig an, schaut verdammt gut aus und die Funktionalität ist Klasse. Nach 5h war mein Kaffee immer noch sehr warm! Die 360° Trinkfunktion ist fabelhaft, nie mehr den Becher zurechtdrehen!Absolute Kaufempfehlung meinerseits\n')
('Caterina W.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach ein super Produkt tolle Verschluss gute Verarbeitung\n')
('Allan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this for my husband to take to work. He has owned at least 8 travel mugs all of which leaked or not kept his coffee hot. I can't believe that it has taken us so long to discover this 720°DGREE travel mug because it is definitely the best one out there. The first time he used it he was amazed that nit even one drip occurred and his coffee remained hot for his whole shift at work. I highly recommend this travel mug. It is 5 STAR.\n")
('Mrs Lesley A Hibberd', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nonly issue is overtime the lid jams up. meaning to open the lid it needs unscrewing everytime. a bit over priced too\n')
('MS', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält was er verspricht. Nach einer Woche täglicher Nutzung (Autofahrt zur Arbeit) bin ich sehr zufrieden mit dem Kauf des Bechers. Hält den Kaffee sehr lange Heiß.Auch nach 4-5 Stunden ist der Inhalt immer noch zu einer angenehm warmen Temperatur trinkbar.Auch die 360 grad Trinköffnung verdient 5 Sterne. Beim Autofahren für mich die beste Lösung.Kein Umständliches drehen mehr um an die Trinköffnung zu gelangen.Es läuft auch nichts aus wenn der Becher mal umfliegen sollte.Klare Kaufempfehlung !!!\n')
('K.S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin total zufrieden mit dem Produkt. Kann ich also nur empfehlen\n')
('MT_privat', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe lange nach einem solchen Thermobecher gesucht. Mir ist wichtig, dass der Deckel gut zu reinigen ist. Diesen kann man gut und einfach auseinanderbauen. Bei anderen Bechern, die ich vorher hatte, konnte man das nicht und trotz sorgfältiger Reinigung hat mein morgentlicher Kaffee für den Arbeitsweg irgendwann nicht mehr geschmeckt, weil sich im innern des Deckels Reste gesammelt haben.Heiße Getränke bleiben auch recht lange warm. Gefüllt habe ich ihn um 5:30 Uhr morgens und bis Beginn der Arbeit noch nicht alles getrunken. In der Pause zwischen 11 und 12 Uhr habe ich dann nochmal probiert und es war noch etwas Wärme als lauwarm.Ich würde mir den Becher immer wieder holen und ihn auch "wärmstens" ;-) weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThrough the years I've had many insulated coffee cups. This is by far the best I've found. Easy to drink from and keeps coffee warm for hours.\n")
('Steffl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe die Termosflasche bereits etwas länger. Sie ist noch sehr gut in Schuss, hält wahnsinnig dicht und das Getränk warm. Einen Stern muss ich abziehen, da das Design mir etwas zu minimalistisch ist. Habe mir eine arge Verbrennung zugezogen, da ich den Unterschied zwischen den offenem und geschlossenen Modus nicht erkannt habe.\n')
('koo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. Keeps drink hot for hours.\n')
('Joanna Bowler', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCouleur et taille conformes à la description\n')
('Tika', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach klasse\n')
('CSS', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have struggled to find a flask that fits my Octavia and this is the first one. Drinking is good one handed, just press down the top to open and close. Very pleased.\n')
('Katharina D.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles prima\n')
('Red Apple', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\n... hält Kaffee bis zu vier Stunden Tee bis zu sechs Stunden warm. Läuft nicht aus und schaut auch optisch gut aus.\n')
('Jo', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent\n')
('SeeM', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for taking to work, stays warm for most of my 12 hour shift. 4 stars because the lid is a bit tricky to clean but would still highly recommend.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery useful, and good quality. I always trust the German production. Also good service they have such amazing costumer service, the mug arrived before the indicated time. I am so happy with this Travel Mug; as described\n')
('Amz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly word of warning is you need to leave the top off until your drink is at the temperature you want. Don’t know how they do it but drink stays hot for literally hours...!!!\n')
('Luis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVolle Punktzahl. Es hält meinen Kaffee und Tee stundenlang sehr heiß. Nach mind. 3 stunden ist es immer noch so warm, als hätte ich es gerade erst zubereitet. Preis absolut gerechtfertigt.\n')
('Mr. I. Cheeseman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat made a coffee at 7am, was still hot at midday.Kept coffee hot for 12 hours.Does not stain the inside.Top breaks down into 3 parts so it can be washed.Does not spill unless top is pressed. You only need to press the top to drink and can be sipped from any side making it much easier to drink whilst driving.Have recommended to so many people.\n')
('Marco Schwarz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält,  was es verspricht.  Bleibt sehr lange warm, bei 8 Std Arbeitstag,  nach 5 Stunden noch warmer Tee, perfekt, für die, die kaum Zeit haben, sehr gut zu händeln, passt auch ins Getränkefach im Rucksack, Reinigung, einfach, sehr empfehlenswert\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat product keeps drinks hot all day and doesn't  leak.\n")
('Arlo Mellors', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nThis was a disaster. I thought it would be superior given the price. My very first use it leaked all over my bag which had to be dumped and also the newly cleaned duck egg blue carpet at work, very embarrassing. I contacted the seller and they simply offered to replace a part 🙄 I don't think so after paying €25. I opted for a full refund. I bought a thermos which is superb. Avoid.\n")
('nats', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct bought to carry coffee to office in the absence of coffee shops at the moment.  Retains heat for hours.  Very good product at a reasonable price.\n')
('DONNABOU', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEasy to use and keeps drinks piping hot for hours\n')
('Günther Weber', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist die erste Thermoskanne die zu 100% bei allen Umständen sicher ist. Ich hab die Thermoskanne jetzt seit einigen Wochen und verwende sie auch täglich für die Arbeit. Die Flüssigkeit bleibt für mehrere Stunden (also ca 4-5 Stunden) konstant.Man muss sich auch keine Sorgen davor machen, dass irgendetwas in der Tasche ausrinnt, die ist komplett dicht.Die Kanne kann auch komplett auseinander genommen und gereinigt werden.Somit 5/5!!\n')
('The Angry Druid', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe Travel Mug is, I believe, the best on the market and is my second purchase. The quality of manufacture is second to none. Once you get used to it drinking from it the it is straightforward. You do have to check that after filling and pressing the top that drinks do not leak. My wife had an issue the first time of use but if you check first of all there is then no problem. A couple of clicks on the lid seem to solve the problem. Large choice of colours and good design overall. Insulation is very good.\n')
('Amazon Kunde (RW)', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr ist der Mercedes unter den Kaffee to go Bechern. Der Kaffee ist sage und schreibe 6 Stunden heiß!! Vielleicht noch länger, aber das habe ich noch nicht ausprobiert. Ich muss nicht mehr den nicht schmeckenden Kaffee auf der Arbeit trinken. Und habe keinen Stress den Kaffee schnell auszutrinken, weil er sonst kalt ist. Der Kaffeebecher ist sein Geld 100%wert. Ich würde ihn immer wieder kaufen. Kein auslaufen, kein kompliziertes öffnen. Ein Klick und los geht es. Funktioniert auch beim Auto fahren.\n')
('faxis.one', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Kaffee aus dem Becher schmeckt ausschließlich nach Kaffee. Kein Beigeschmack nach Plastik, wie bei anderen Bechern. Schöne, schlanke Form! Sehr zufrieden.\n')
('JSM', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis item has so far been good and the communication has been great from the seller. The travel mug is nice and robust and would recommend from my experience this seller and item.\n')
('Harry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStylisch frisch gebrauchsfertig\n')
('Jon B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSlightly more expensive than some other mugs but vastly superior in build quality. Unlike some other mugs the top comes apart for easy cleaning. Arrived well packaged with clear instructions on how to use and clean. Most importantly keeps coffee hot and fresh, and no plasticky taste like some cheap mugsWould recommend.\n')
('Susanne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider funktionierte bei unserem Becher der Verschluss nicht richtig...schade! Und das beim ersten Gebrauch. Ansonsten ist der Becher sehr schön und leicht in Einzelteile zerlegbar um ihn richtig zu reinigen.\n')
('Sarah Smith ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDrink remains hot for 6+ hours, warm for 10 hours. Cannot comment on painting durability because we ordered plain silver cup.\n')
('Jennifer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this product! It almost works too well as the water is piping hot even hours after being filled! It’s a great size, not too big not too small! Looks amazing as well.\n')
('Mr Smith', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove my new mug\n')
('gary moore', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely design and colourArrived promptLeak proof and perfect to drink fromEasy to cleanLight weightGood product and happy with purchase\n')
('Skodabloke', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThe product was great to start with handy and easy to drink from although a slight pain to clean but worth it. After only using for a few months though (and not daily either) it’s already started leaking which makes it unusable for us! Shame as was good and can’t return as a couple of months have passed.\n')
('lisaj', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFirstly, this travel mug looks great. The matt metal finish of the blue version is fantastic, and the effect when the light falls on it just sets it apart.It is extremely well constructed and sturdy and seems like it could take quite some day-to-day commuting knocks. The top cap disassembly for cleaning is also very well done.I have not had to test the heat retention to any form of extreme, but from the time I pour my coffee to sitting at my desk to take the first sip is usually about an hour and the coffee is as hot at my desk as if I had just poured it - in fact the first time I used it I almost burnt my mouth as I was used to the coffee being at a lower temperature in my old mug. The outside of the mug also stays nice and cool.Overall extremely good and would recommend.\n')
('Debbie handey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing cupTea in at 9pm at night8am still hot - not warm hot hot hotNot stewed eitherBrilliant technology\n')
('AmEz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot that easy to drink from at first but you get used to it. Keeps drinks hot, and I mean hot. I highly recommend.\n')
('Lawrence B', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'd looked for ages for the right travel mug and at last I found it. Really easy to use, keeps my coffee hot for absolutely ages,  no leaks or drips which is a miracle with a travel mug. So product brilliant and to top it all I've received outstanding customer service from the delightfully friendly owners of this start up. I wish them well, they certainly deserve it.\n")
('Mrs G', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nthe best I've ever had\n")
('Melscho', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood all round mug retains heat well\n')
('Simon ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my tea warm and is ultra leak proof!\n')
('camision', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach nur super tolle Becher. Ich hab von dieser Marke aber auch nichts anderes erwartet. Ganz tolles Produkt und wirklich jeden Euro wert.\n')
('Matthew Nash', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug has excellent heat retention: it also looks beautiful: it also sits neatly in the mug holder in my car: it is also easy to clean. No complaints\n')
('P. Peters', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist nicht nur hübsch, sondern auch sonst der Beste den ich je hatte. Verschluss funktioniert super und ist absolut auslaufsicher. Gerade die 360 Grad Funktion ist morgens im dunklen Auto sehr hilfreich ;) Zudem toller Support! Als ich mal ein Problem hatte wurde mir schnell und unkompliziert geholfen. Er hält auch über viele Stunden erstaunlich warm. Die 5 Sterne hat er verdient!\n')
('Markus Faßbender ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMorgens heißes Wasser reinfüllen und sich am Nachmittag fast noch die Zunge verbrennen. Also, wer nen richtig guten Thermobecher für Heißgetränke sucht, sollte in diesen hier investieren.\n')
('Steven Hall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe product keeps my coffee warm even overnight, I had an issue with the cover and customer service was prompt in their response. My product fell and had a dent however it it not affect the overall performance\n')
('C. McCrorie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA fabulous looking product. Very stylish and easy to hold. It keeps drinks hot for hours at a time. Easy to drink out of with its 360 degrees lip.\n')
('Edwina Davies', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it, use it every day 👌\n')
('Maggie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBuy a different make for the same price, I recommend Boden as it is dishwasher proof. I bought a nice grey cup but after a couple of dozen washes the coloured coating flakes off and it gets everywhere. Its  a bit rubbish, so much so that I have thrown it out as a bad job.\n')
('Smck', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic value for money\n')
('D. S. ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Tasse ist einmalig in der Handhabung und hält unseren Tee 7 Stunden warm. Die Tasse ist sehr gut verarbeitet und absolut dicht beim Transport. Keine bisherigen ähnlichen Tassen oder Becher hielten Heissgetränke so lange warm und das Öffnen ist super einfach.Ich werde meinen Bekannten die Tasse zeigen und empfehlen.\n')
('mark', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt kept my coffee hot for my journey home.\n')
('Patrick. W', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher sieht sehr schön aus und hält auch lange warm, jedoch finde ich den Mechanismus zum Öffnen und Schließen nicht so gut. Der Deckel hakt manchmal und dann kann ich ihn weder auf noch zu drücken. Auch fühlt das "Klicken" sich nicht besonders hochwertig an.  Kann natürlich sein, dass mein Deckel "defekt" ist.\n')
('Maximilian Stadler', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTOP, hält sehr lange warm und hat eine schöne Form. Auch die Farben welche es zur Auswahl gibt sind sehr schön. Man kann ihn sehr schnell auseinanderbauen und ist schnell und einfach zu reinigen. Und auch wieder zusammen zu bauen. Kann ich nur empfehlen...\n')
('Volker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEigentlich ein gutes Produkt. Verschluss ist dicht und hält lange warm. Sehr enttäuscht bin ich von der Beschichtung der Flasche. Diese löst sich immer mehr wenn man beim Abtrocknen nicht aufpasst, kommen kleine schwarze Stückchen (eben besagte Beschichtung) in die Flasche. Das ist nicht so lecker. Habe nicht versucht es auf Kulanz zu regeln, da der Bescher mittlerweile auch schon 1,5 Jahre alt ist. Allerdings verwende ich diesen höchsten alle 3 Tage.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ntravel item - iteal for driving - not too bulky and spill proof into the bargain !!\n')
('Tim Flanagan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nproduit superbe, très pratique et fiable : le système fonctionne très bien et est bien étanche\n')
('AH', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA beautiful flask, very elegant and works perfectly!Only thing is the lid feels very slightly fragile, and combined with how light the flask is (otherwise a plus) this reduces the quality feel of it.\n')
('sally williams', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDon’t buy it’s a waste of money and doesn’t work as a thermal bottle\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product. Leak proof and keeps drinks warm literally all day - tested several times. Have to remember whether the valve is down or open or closed though and sometimes is easy to forget whether it’s open or not. Would be nice in future models to have a colour coded marker to help clearly identify if it’s open or not have spilt it a couple of times thinking I’d closed it. Otherwise this is great my new daily go to cup...great for drinking hot drinks round the kids due to the close mechanism. Would buy another!\n')
('Maren', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat super Arbeit geleistet bis gestern:( Absturzsicher ist er leider nicht...\n')
('Till', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe zwei unterschiedliche Thermostassen für meinen Mann gekauft. Nachdem er beide fast täglich in Gebrauch hat- stellte sich heraus, dass ihm der andere lieber war. Weiters geht von dieser Marke die Farbe im Geschirrspüler ab und klebt dann an anderen Geschirr fest (schwer wegzukriegen).Ich würde es daher nicht nochmals kaufen, auch wenn von der Funktion her alles ok war- aber die Optik spielt halt auch eine Rolle.\n')
('Pat', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA perfect travel cup, keeping my drink (and me) hot while I stand on the freezing sideline watching my son play football.Also great for teachers/TAs.\n')
('Carolus', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Deckel muss mit starkem Druck betätigt werden und das Gehäuse ist sehr anfällig für Kratzer.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant design but unfortunately it doesn’t stay looking good for long as all the colour started to peel away within a few weeks. Best cup I’ve purchased as design but needs improvement for long lasting covering.\n')
('Conny  Hoffmann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese To-go Kaffeebecher sind sehr stabil! Die wärme der Flüssigkeit halt bis zu 6-7 Stunden! Ein Punktabzug, man muss immer darauf achten dass zu ist, sonst kipp alle raus.\n')
('Janet', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrought following the recommendations on Amazon reviews. I find you need to pre-heat the mug for 10/15mins with boiling water to make the coffee last the length it states. I normally drink mine with 2/3 hours of making, it’s a lot cooler if I haven’t heated the mug by then. It is easy to drink from and I’ve had no leaks in my bag which is a positive. It has a press lid that allows you to drink from it, I have had a few problems with this and it’s come apart twice. I don’t think it’s design is strong enough but for the price and hassle I haven’t complained.\n')
('K. J.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut verarbeitetes Produkt und hält die Flüssigkeit sehr lange warm. Gute Funktionalität gepaart mit sehr ansprechendem Disign. Top Produkt.\n')
('Andre', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuf der Suche nach einem schlanken Thermobecher für einen *****Octavia 2 bzw. *****Octavia 3 habe ich mir diesen stylischen Becher bestellt. Erste Versuch im Becherhalter im Auto: Passt super, kommt weit genug in den Halter hinein. Nächster Test: Wie lange bleibt der Inhalt warm? Morgens um 09:00 Kaffee eingefüllt, ca. ein Drittel getrunken und gegen 20:00 fiel mir auf, dass ich etwas dekoffiniert war: Angesetzt und ... siehe da, der Kaffee hatte noch angenehme Trinktemperatur, d.h. er war wärmer als lauwarm.Einen Nachteil gibt es allerdings: Die Farben halten nicht ewig, sondern platzen schon einmal ab. Dennoch habe ich mittlerweile mehr als nur einen, die Wärmeleistung und Passform in beiden Autos ist halt enscheidend.\n')
('Miss J M Buck', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug going. Keeps drinks hot as if just made,  for hours on end.  Really easy to clean with being able to take the lid apart\n')
('Russ', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nExcellent\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought it as a gift ,and my friend absolutely loves it , beautiful colour , looks very cool\n')
('Zoe', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJe viens d'acquérir ce mug et effectivement il tient chaud mon café pendant l'heure. Sa très grande contenance est bonne pour une vadrouille en extérieur, mais trop grand pour le bureau. Il est léger malgré sa taille et a une bonne prise. Avec une anse il aurait été plus pratique.Sa couleur a eu du succès au bureau et son Clapet est un plus.Je ne pense pas qu'il soit très étanche en mode horizontal.Je le recommande comparer a la marque Thermos qui m'a déçue depuis quelques années en ne gardant pas la chaleur contrairement a ce mug pour la même durée.\n")
('Martin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI LOVE my mug.  I have black coffee so I make my morning coffee in the late evening and drink it in bed in the morning and it's perfect!!!  During the day I add some cold water to my black coffee so I can drink it as soon as I want and it can last me for hours - I have had many travel mugs but this one is by FAR superior to all of the others.  Thank you I will always buy these in the future 😊\n")
('Mohsen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOhne viel Worte: in meinen Augen der beste Thermobecher, den es gibt!!!Eine kleine Reklamation am Verschluss wurde umgehend kompetent und freundlich durch Zusendung eines neuen Deckels behoben!Da war selbst der email-Verkehr ein Vergnügen!Alles in allem: perfekter Becher, perfekter Service! Besser geht's nicht!!!\n")
('Michelle Hüttner', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Artikel entspricht voll meinen Erwartungen speziell zu den Bereichen - Auslaufsicherheit, Wärmeisolation sowie Top was die Reinigung angeht. Der Deckel lässt sich komplett zerlegen und super reinigen.Wenn überhaupt sollte am geringen nachtropfen nach dem Schließvorgang des Bechers geschaut werden.Perfekt aber gibt es nirgens.\n')
('Caroline  Johnson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuch a good cup, easy to clean, doesn’t leak and keep coffee tea etc warm for hours.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI cannot recommend this item enough. It is easy to clean and the installation quality is amazing. I bought two and regularly use them for hot and cold drinks while driving, when I play in a band (no spills when it gets knocked over) and recently at a festival. Brilliant product.\n')
('Kathryn Humphreys', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nas described\n')
('Mrs S Holbard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSleek design makes it a nice looking thing.No leaks once lid is in place and the lid is easily operated with one hand when opening and closing. Keeps liquids hot for a long time so basically does what you expect it to do well.Happy with the purchase.\n')
('Robert mellor', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant, drink stays hot and drinkable for 8 hours,\n')
('Jul', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ndurchdachtes Produkt, Verschluss in Einzelteile zerlegbar und daher gut zu reinigen, hält lange heiß. Vertrieb durch KAAVE UG. Der Kontakt mit mir als Kunde war ausgesprochen nett und persönlich. Der Versand erfolgte schnell und problemlos.\n')
('J. S', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\n... Die Lackierung löst sich trotz handwäsche einfach ab 😩Ich habe mittlerweile ausser dem Becher noch 4 Trinkflaschen und einen Wunder Jar Speisen behälter und alle haben kein Problem mit dem Lack.Sehr schade, da die Wärme Leistung fantastisch ist\n')
('John B.', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nLovely mug. Feels good in my hand, has a great rubber base which makes it very stable. Delighted with this, so much so that I’m going to buy another one today.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBest travel mug I have bought. I have now bought two more for family members. I'm still drinking coffee 2 hours after making it!!\n")
('RedHead', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nUsed it everyday for about 3 months now and no faults or leaks. I'm usually getting up and out by 5 in the morning and doing a half an hour walk. Coffees still roasting hot on the inside for hours in work. Only thing to remember is to tighten the top properly after taking apart to wash\n")
('Niklaas D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhabe mir einen weiteren Becher davon gekauft, da ich mit dem ersten bereits sehr zufrieden bin. Trotz mehrerer Stürze sieht dieser aus wie neu\n')
('Sansa Stark', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this mug and the companies customer service and ethos are second to none . Would have been 5 stars but found if you don’t fill it up completely things don’t stay hot for as long .\n')
('S. Ijioma', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love my travel mug, my tea is lovely & hot for hours, there is no leaking from the rim when in transit or when drinking.It's light, the outside is cool to touch. The feel of it is good & my shade of green is calming.\n")
('wildthing', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely design and keeps my drink hot for hours!\n')
('Marta', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a beautiful cup and easy to use. It’s unfortunately not very easy to grip sometimes - it’s slipped out my hands a few times. The brushed steel is slippery. It would be good to have a grip area.\n')
('michelle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks super hot for hours\n')
('WeeM', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nENDLICH den perfekten Becher gefunden. Tolle Form, tolle Farbe und das Beste, man kann das Deckelsystem komplett auseinander bauen und vernünftig reinigen. Bei farbigen Flaschen kann die Beschichtung ggf etwas absplittern (Bei mir bereits bei Erhalt aber ganz minimal, man muss schon mit der Lupe suchen/oben am Farbabschluss). Für meinen Mann werde ich die Edelstahlversion kaufen, da kann keine Farbe abgehen. Empfehlung des Herrsteller auch wegen der Farbhaltbarkeit ist ein Waschen per Hand. Wobei das bei Thermobechern eigentlich immer empfohlen wird. Ich kann und werde ihn sehr gerne in meinem Umfeld empfehlen.\n')
('Mr. J. C. Dean', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLeak proof and stays Hot for along time as Coffee made before 6am Isn't cold by 5pm!\n")
("Nm D'anger", '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love this travel mug, it is easy to clean, nice to drink out of and fits easily in car holders. I've had a slight issue with a leak on one of mine but otherwise brilliant.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe pop up components in the lid can be taken apart for cleaning. Which is a great hygiene idea.All in all very pleased with the product.\n')
('Russell Keetch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery disappointed as worked well for three months but accidentally scalded myself today as the push technique has broken and it is permanently now open.\n')
('Jordyn Latham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSimply the best travel mug I've ever bought. Great to use, safe in the knowledge that you're not gonna spill your hot beverage all over you or your motor. And be warned, if you think it might have cooled down after 10 minutes or so, you'd be wrong. Morning 1, burnt lips and tongue 😝. But on the good side, if I make a tea in it at half 7 in the morning, it's still hot just after midday and warm still at 4!Overall, blinding bit of kit.Ps it's easy to clean too.\n")
('Jessica S', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Thermobecher hält meinen Kaffee den ganzen Tag heiß. Früh morgens lasse ich mir meinen geliebten Nespressokaffee in den Becher laufen und hab den ganzen Tag heißen guten Kaffee auf Arbeit. Der Becher ist mir noch nie ausgelaufen und die Farbe ist auch noch an Ort und Stelle. Das Reinigen finde ich ein bisschen aufwändig. Man muss alles auseinander schrauben und die Gummis lassen sich nur schwer richtig säubern. Dadurch, dass in meinem Kaffee immer Milch ist, nimmt der Gummi schnell einen unangenehmen Geruch an, wenn man nicht direkt spült. Da das aber bei jedem Thermobecher so ist, ist das für mich kein Manko. Mir ist wichtig, dass nichts ausläuft, wenn man mal hinstößt und dass der Kaffee warm/heiß bleibt, wenn man mal 8h und noch länger auf Arbeit ist.Und außerdem, sind wir mal ehrlich, das violett ist einfach eine mega geile Farbe und er Becher an sich hat auch ein wundervolles Design. Auch die Push-push Funktion zum öffnen und schließen des Bechers finde ich prima. Zudem kann man dadurch von jeder Seite trinken und muss nicht erst schauen, ob der Becher auch richtig gedreht ist, bevor man trinkt. Wenn man vertieft in der Arbeit ist, ist das sehr praktisch für mich Tollpatsch. :D\n')
('Trekkingralf-Fü', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\n👍 super\n')
('John Murphy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust what I was looking for.  Fits in my car cup holder, keep my tea beautifully hot, aesthetically pleasing and you can drink from any side.  Beautifully designed, does what it says it will do.  A very good buy.\n')
('Fiona E', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for a gift after someone had bought me on, definitely one of the best travel mugs we’ve ever used\n')
('I.W.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhab mich sehr auf den Becher gefreut, allerdings nicht lange.schon beim spülen ist mir aufgefallen das er nicht ganz dicht ist. Kaffee war am späten Vormittag auch schon kalt…. sehr schade. fü die leistung viel zu teuer. aber schön aussehen tut er\n')
('bigberl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nArtikel wie beschrieben, hält sehr lange warm\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s a nice mug but in less than two months the paint is pealing off. Unfortunately it’s too late to return so have to hang on it.\n')
('Maria', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\n👍\n')
('Richard Faulkner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI got this to keep hydrated while working. Keeps hot drinks super hot for over 8 hours and I've even done iced coffee and iced tea and it keeps them cold for just as long. Love the fact you don't have to drink out a specific part and I find I'm not spilling drinks down me all day long!\n")
('HecMeck', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sehr lange heiß (oder auch schön kalt). Der Deckel lässt sich komplett auseinander bauen, sodass man ihn gründlich reinigen kann! Absolut empfehlenswert!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLovely little mug, just what I was looking for.  I take part in the sport of Field Archery, attending long Sunday shoots which can get quite cold in the winter.  This mug is easy enough to carry around with me and enjoy a nice hot drink to warm me up when necessary.  Just can't fault it.\n")
('a whitehall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps drink warm, easy to open whilst driving and doesn't leak\n")
('Andrea Kolgraf-Schmitt', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nPraktischer Thermobecher da auch perfekt für Getränkehalterung im Auto geeignet ☕️😋 frischer heißer Kaffee oder auch Tee sind locker 4h heiß aufbewahrt und das Aroma bleibt auch erhalten. Überraschte Gesichter bei jeder Coffee-To-Go Ausgabe garantiert 🤣 Absolutes Must-have und ein kleiner aber wertvoller Beitrag zur Reduktion des täglichen Livestylemülls (Einmalplastikbecher etc.)Kann es nur jedem Weiterempfehlen der gerne auf nutzlose Werbe-Plastikbecher verzichten kann 😊👍🍀 Top Produkt !\n')
('Mark Helmke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKann jedem diesen Thermobecher nur empfehlen. Edle, ergonomische Form, leicht zu reinigen, hält absolut warm und dicht: genau so, wie es im Datenblatt versprochen wird. Hervorheben möchte ich auch die hervorragende Korrespondenz mit KAAVE - ein großes Dankeschön für die persönliche Betreuung!\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic product! Leakproof, sleek & most important keeps my green tea hot hot hot for hours. Well done 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽\n')
('Jana Wolff', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBester Kaffebecher!\n')
('Stefanie Kaiser', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStylisch, leicht zu reinigen und hält kalt was kalt gehört und heiß was heiß gehört. Der Verschluss ist besonders gut 360 grad trinkbar\n')
('D  L Osborne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. Keeps coffee very hot and is drip free.\n')
('Samantha', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n… lange habe ich einen guten Thermobecher gesucht - und jetzt gefunden. Endlich ein Becher aus solidem Material. Dies sowohl beim Metallbecher als auch bei den Kunststoffteilen des Deckels. Der Deckel lässt sich ganz easy in drei Teile zerlegen (nur drei, vier Drehungen) und mal kann ihn vernünftig sauber machen. Bei Milchkaffee ein tägliches Muss. Der Metallbecher ist gut zugänglich und groß genug, um auch diesen schnell und gründlich reinigen zu können. Sowohl bei Reinigung als auch bei Gebrauch erfreuen mich Haptik und Funktion, kombiniert mit wertigem Material und perfekter Verarbeitung. Dank des Außendurchmessers sitzt der Becher perfekt in der Autohalterung. Und das alles zu einem echt fairen Preis. Den ersten Becher habe ich  seit einiger Zeit bereits in der Nutzung und jetzt noch einen weitern gekauft. Alle anderen Produkte, die undicht sind, wackeln oder Macken haben,  sind entsorgt. Übrigens auch ein cooles Geschenk, mit dem man dem Beschenkten eine nachhaltige Freude bereiten wird...\n')
('Cris R', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Thermobecher ist der beste den ich bisher hatte!!!Würde ich immer wieder kaufen und empfehlen!!!\n')
('DJMUZU', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought the sapphire blue version of this mug for my son, who has a long commute to work each day.  I'm unable to rate the features at this time, because it hasn't been used yet, but he was thrilled with it.  It's sleek and easy to handle with its 360 degree rim, which will be helpful when driving.  It's slim, so should be easy to handle.Very pleased!\n")
('Rayden', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist gut verarbeitet, hält lange warm bzw. kalt. Im Grunde bin ich sehr zufrieden, lediglich der Schließmechanismus wird manchmal ausgelöst, wenn ich beim Trinken mit der Nase an den Deckel stoße. Das lässt sich aber leider nicht immer vermeiden, was mitunter etwas nerven kann. Aufpassen bzw. genau hinschauen muss man auch, um zu erkennen, ob der offen oder geschlossen ist.\n')
('Susanne  Schroth', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe ihn immer per Hand gewaschen. Trotz dessen hat sich die schwarze Farbe gelöst. Nach dem 6. Mal auseinandernehmen und waschen ist die Flasche letztendlich dann auch kaputt gegangen. Der Deckel lässt sich nicht mehr richtig zusammen setzen und wenn man es schafft die Flasche zuschicken kann man leider den Deckel nicht mehr reindrücken zum trinken.Also alles in allem würde ich diese Flasche auf keinen Fall weiter empfehlen.\n')
('mw', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa consiglio\n')
('Tony H', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust had to say how fantastic this travel mug is, arrived when promised and when I filled it for the first time it stayed hot for well over 5 hours. Excellent customer service and a brilliant product.\n')
('Harry Gopal', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my husband for Xmas. The mug in general is fab, keeps the liquid hot for ages!He takes a drink to work in it every morning, however 6 months in and the top has just fallen to bits. For the price would have hoped it would have lasted a little bit longer than that.\n')
('Foden', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent\n')
('Angus MacGyver', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält die Temperatur sehr lange, man muss aufpassen, dass man sich nicht verbrennt.\n')
('Adebayo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt looks nice, it doesn't leak and it fits in the ridiculously small cup holders in my Seat Leon.\n")
('Cherry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLovely sleek design and a colour to die for 🤗 ! ! Oh and it really doesn't leak and  has a single hand push button for closing or opening. I use it for cold drinks with ice - and it lasts for several hours.  Haven't tried with hot drinka but guess it would be the same. Way superior than anything I have bought before\n")
('Kindle Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug so far\n')
('Nicksy', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nA nice looking mug. I purchased the dark grey. It has kept my tea warm for a few hours. I have been unable to see how long the drinks remained hot precisely but it was definitely over 4 hours as I made a mug at 8am and it was still piping hot at 12pm.The only criticism I have, which is major is that the tea does not taste as nice as it could but I suppose that's expected with any type of thermos.The mug itself is easy to use, it has not leaked but I have not really tested this by travelling with it.It's an ok mug, I think it's a bit pricey for what it does. I must say though that the manufacturer has been great emailed straight away after delivery offereing support and advice. Also delivery was swift.\n")
('Livi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst absolut sein Geld wert!\n')
('Peter Goerke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Thermobecher ist der beste, den ich bisher auf dem Markt gefunden habe.Er hält heiße Getränke über viele Stunden wirklich heiß.Optimal für unterwegs, da er nicht ausläuft. Da kann man den Becher auf den Kopf stellen - Es entweicht einfach kein Tropfen.Schöne Optik, gute Verarbeitung. Alles in allem ein sehr sehr guter Thermobecher.Ich kann ihn mit gutem Gewissen weiterempfehlen.Wer auf der Suche nach einem wirklich guten Thermobecher ist, der sollte diesen hier definitiv käuflich erwerben.\n')
('Pascal M.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hatte leider schon viele verschiedene Tee- bzw. Kaffeebecher (die mir immer nach kurzer Zeit kaputt gegangen sind), aber ich muss sagen bisher ist das mit Abstand der beste!! Gut finde ich auch, dass man den Deckel einzeln nachkaufen kann, das war immer das Problem bei den anderen.Wenn man ihn komplett mit kochendem Teewasser füllt, verbrennt man sich leider nach einem halben Tag (!!) immer noch den Mund beim trinken. Deshalb fülle ich ihn bei Tee immer zu 3/4 mit heißem Wasser, lasse den Tee ziehen und fülle den Becher dann mit kaltem Wasser auf. So hält der Becher ähnlich wie mit Kaffee immer noch lange warm.Auslaufsicher ist er auch, sogar wenn man kochendes Wasser einfüllt und ihn auf den Kopf stellt.Was ich auch super finde, ist dass man den Deckel gut auseinanderbauen und reinigen kann. So kann auch abwechselnd Kaffee und Tee aus dem Becher getrunken werden. Bei anderen Bechern hatte ich immer das Problem, dass der Kaffee-/Tee-Geschmack trotz ausspülen mit Spüli und Natron immer ein bisschen im Becher blieb. Das ist hier nicht der Fall.Abschließend noch zur Farbe, nachdem ich hier die schlechteren Bewertungen zur Haltbarkeit der Farben gelesen habe, habe ich mich schweren Herzens für den Edelstahlbecher ohne Lackierung entschieden. Daran kann ich auch nichts aussetzen. Aber auch in Edelstahl sieht der Becher optisch schön aus.\n')
('Christian Walter', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Artikel ist weitgehend super. Hält lange warm. Setzt sich mit ein bisschen Geschick gut reinigen. Leider ist entgegen der Beschreibung der Becher NICHT Geschirrspüler geeignet. Wie auf den Fotos zu erkennen, löst sich sämtliche Beschichtung. Leider bis dato nicht die Möglichkeit gehabt den Artikel zu reklamieren.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly used this a few times and it’s brilliant! I’ve been a user of another branded travel mug for a number of years but decided to purchase the 720 degree travel mug as my uncle raves about it. He is right and it’s converted me to buy your products.\n')
('Hughie.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI am so impressed by this coffee cup.I purchased it to replace a similar silver Bodum travel mug that looked great but leaked, didn't keep my coffee especially hot and broke immediately when I dropped it.Initially I was concerned that the lid on this coffee cup looked overly complicated and would be difficult to clean and break easily, but these fears were completely unfounded.For me this is the perfect travel mug; sleek, functional, resilient and ideally sized.The sealing on the lid is actually ingenious and keeps drinks hot for hours, clicks open and closed so easily, doesn't leak at all and comes apart for cleaning with a quick unscrew, allowing you to wash all the internals and seals thoroughly. Exactly as the manufacturer describes.I've had this for 5 month now, using it every day for work and it shows no signs of stopping.\n")
('Clifford', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat mug. Fits in the cup holder in the car (so many don't!).  Keeps my tea hot the whole journey (and beyond - sometimes I forget to drink it, and it's lovely that it's still hot when I go back to it!) Easy to take apart and clean too, so you don't get that weird smell you get from the lids of some keep cups...\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRien à ajouter !\n')
('Sandra Herrmann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHab schon einige Kaffee To Go Becher probiert. Dieser hier ist formschön UND praktisch. Der Kaffee bleibt sehr lange heiß, nichts läuft aus und reinigen lässt er sich auch super. Kann ich nur empfehlen !\n')
('Barry Griffin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe cup is excellent keeps my coffee really hot its easy to drink from and really stylish love it 😊👍\n')
('J. W.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought one already ..extremely happy with it.. ecstatic to start saving some money however I left it on the train on day 2 :(Gutted ..I purchased another because I was really happy with the last, I used it today for the first time and the although the lid was closed the whole thing leaked in my bag. I took it out to see if I hadn’t closed it correctly, however although closed it was leaking completely. The item is faulty. really unhappy. My whole bag ruined !!!\n')
('MR S.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeen fab uptil now gone rusty can’t contact anyone to tell them\n')
('Doen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr zu empfehlen, sehr auslaufsicher und robust. Ist schon ein paar mal runter gefallen und trotzdem absolut intakt, keine Beschädigungen. Hält lange warm.\n')
('Rebecca Burns18 hook', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best mug ever. Keeps drinks hot all day\n')
('Peter Mccarron', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis replaced a broken flask I purchased a couple of years ago. This has very good build quality, it even has a rubber element on the underside which adds to the nice feel. The size is perfect to fit in any bag you have but big enough to fit a good amount of liquid in. Upon opening I filled it with hot water from the kettle & 6 hours later opened it up & it was still piping hot! It also comes in various colours to suit different needs, would recommend this product & looks like it will last a fair few years.\n')
('M. H.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin echt glücklich mit dem Becher. Wir haben ihn in schwarz und lila.Beide wurden durch die Spülmaschine gejagt und ich bin echt begeistert, dass die Farbe immer noch hält!Top!!!\n')
('michael g.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sehr lange warm und auch kalt sehr leicht zu reinigen und sehr leicht auseinander und zusammen zu bauen\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher tut was er soll. Aber angenehmer zu trinken sind die Becher von Emsa.\n')
('Gabriel Allende', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI thought this was excellent but has now started leaking! I’m gutted\n')
('A Lukas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat mich auch vom Desain sehr angesprochen und bin zufrieden. Würde ihn weiter empfehlen. Versand  des Thermobecherseinwandfrei\n')
('Ines', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Thermoskanne\n')
('Phil Blake', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant. Make a cuppa in the morning and it stays hot all day. Very tactile, good size.\n')
('mr R A beech', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEast to use, a bit of a fiddle to clean the lid, hold onto oders alot. But overall pretty happy\n')
('Mel B', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely love my cup totally leak proof, easy to clean and my coffee stays piping hot for hours which is fantastic. Can’t recommend enough\n')
('Boerneef', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks class and is top class.\n')
('Karsten Altmeier', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGeniales Produkt!! Hält Wärme und Kälte wie versprochen.Ich habe mehrere davon und leider bei einem fällt die Farbe ab!Sonst alle perfekt👌\n')
('Aslan Huelya', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEigentlich ein sehr gutes Produkt leider mit kleineren Qualitätsmängeln.Ich habe den Becher nun seit einigen Monaten im Einsatz und 1-2 mal die Woche genutzt (durchschnittlich). Genutzt wurde er örtlich gesehen meist im Auto/Büro.Genutzt habe Ich ihn ausschließlich für Kaffe bzw. Warme Getränke.Er wurde in ca. 50% der Fälle in der Spülmaschine gespült,rest per Hand.Die isolierleistung würde Ich als sehr gut bezeichnen, mit dem Vermerk das Vergleichsprodukte marginal besser abschneiden.Das Trinken aus dem Becher ist Okay allerdings wäre es sinnvoller wenn der Verschluss (runde Platte im Deckel) Etwas tiefer sitzen würde. Hier stößt man immer etwas an.Die Qualität empfinde Ich als befriedigend da, wie man auf den Bilder sieht der Lack nun anfängt abzublättern.Trotzdem ein Gutes Produkt welches Getränke wirklich Gut warmhält.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nsuper leicht im gegensatz zu anderen bechern und hält trotzdem lange warm. läuft garnicht aus und ich stelle ihn einfach in die spühlmaschine, sehr leicht auseinanderzubauen und zu reinigen. einen hohen sturz hat er auch schon mit ein paar kleinen dellen überlebt. bin sehr zufrieden und zudem noch der schickste becher auf dem markt.>>>UPDATE:nach einem halben jahr ist auch bei mir Farbe abgeblättert, und jetzt 1 Jahr später ist der Deckel auseinander gefallen.. ich weiß nicht was kaputt ist aber er bleibt nicht mehr zusammen, also defekt :/\n')
('Michael Kuenzel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeste Becher denn ich bis jetzt hatte, ist nach ein paar Stunden immer noch warm\n')
('Lena', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher\n')
('schachspieler11111', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch wollte mir einen schicken und schmalen Thermobecher kaufen,um frischen und heißen Kaffee mit ins Büro zu nehmen.Leider hat sich herausgestellt, dass der Thermobecher nicht lange warm hält. Das funktioniert ungefähr so gut, als wenn ich bei einer normalen Kaffeetasse einen Deckel auflege.\n')
('Dikass', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTook the plunge and splashed out on this quite expensive travel mug. Having bought numerous cheaper ones in the past, that leaked, spilled everywhere while driving or cracked, I am impressed. To be fair I have only used it once, but it's easy to use, no spillage & kept the drink super hot (almost too hot so be careful!) for over an hour. Love the purple colour. Nice rubber bottom. You can drink from anywhere on the lid. It's impressive 👌\n")
('Roland', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nits great. coffee stays hot for hours. much better than others ive tried. easy to clean as it all comes apart. would recommend it\n')
('Robert Müller', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Becher sind echt klasse\n')
('Claudia R.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Produkt. Unverzichtbar bei Homeoffice und Auto\n')
('Jane E Bond', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIf you like your drinks hot is does that, very good no leaks\n')
('Lanek', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love it. It keeps my tea and coffee warm for long time.\n')
('sinan1978', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr guter Thermobecher! Hält extrem lange warm und es lässt sich richtig gut daraus trinken.Nur in die Geschirrspülmaschine sollte man ihn nicht stecken - dann blättert sofort die "Lackierung" ab.\n')
('ChloeSmith', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nPurchased this cup for the husband's travel to work. He said he filled it with the coffee and drived to the work, decided to have a sip and actually burned his mouth as it holds heat fantastically well! Since you fill it 8 hours later your drink wouldn't be hot, but warm enough to drink it and enjoy! Husband is very happy with the product, easy to drink and clean as well\n")
('F B', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps warm for hours. Made a flask of tea for a journey from Yorkshire to the Lake District, went for a walk and when we came back to the car it was still warm! Also leak proof and doesn’t have that nasty metallic taste you can get with some flasks. 10/10\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist zu 100% Auslauf sicher. Das Getränk bleibt lange heiß und es lässt sich angenehm daraus trinken\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes as it claims. Excellent purchase!\n')
('Rosa', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have enjoyed this mug for over a year now and had not problems with it. Recently however I dropped it and broke the lid. Upon contacting the company I was very quickly directed via hyperlink to the site where I could buy a replacement lid. My enquiry was dealt with quick and efficiently. Thank you\n')
('Franziska Behrend', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält dicht, hält heiß und sieht gut aus\n')
('Kathi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEndlich ein perfekter Becher für unterwegs ......Der Kaffee ist nach 2-3 std noch heiß\n')
('Tim', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve had this product a few months and it doesn’t keep the temperature of hot drinks\n')
('Mr G Hayer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNormally i do not like metal travel mugs as they make things taste tinny, but someone in a previous review stated that this didn't effect the taste and it really didn't.  I love the colour (burgundy red matt) and it doesn't leak unless you forget to push the top in and leave it open for drinking which i did. That was my own fault however and something i won't forget to do in future. It is easy to take apart to clean and the screw top doesn't get stuck and cause issues when putting the lid on which some other coffee mugs do. The seller was great as well and i received two lovely emails from the company owner. A really good shopping experience and best coffee mug ever, i will be sticking with this one.\n")
('Marine ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese are the best flasks I have ever used keeps my coffee hot for hours I mean 4/5/6\n')
('Dipak Gordhan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent well thought out and well built product\n')
('Mary Jones', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this item as I work shift work and I travel at different times, the 720 is easy to hold, fits easily into a car cup holder and into the side pock of a back pack and most importantly keeps the drink nice and hot, even after 6 hours my coffee was warm enough to drink.\n')
('GB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely love this cup, as with all travel mugs I expected it to leak but I have turned it upside down, left it on its side and not even a trickle I am so happy with this product and the colour is gorgeous (violet).\n')
('Ela', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKann man eigentlich nur empfehlen. Auch die Größe ist einfach klasse, passt perfekt in die Aktentasche.\n')
('Claudia Meier', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe von der Firma schon zwei Flaschen, deshalb hab ich bei den Bechern auch gleich zwei bestellt. Ich wurde nicht enttäuscht läuft nichts aus und hält lange warm genau das was ich wollte , da ich nicht sofort den Kaffee trinken möchte sondern den Becher mit zur Arbeit nehme .\n')
('Jheni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeau design, pratique\n')
('Nick R.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMaybe some texture to help with grip.\n')
('Cleo', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nHält dicht, hält warm und sieht top aus.\n')
('robert', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug is great for cappuccinos, lattes, americanos but not so much for mochas\n')
('Steffen Niemann', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe diesen Thermobecher in der Hoffnung gekauft, endlich einen gefunden zu haben, der 1. dicht ist und 2. auch wirklich warm hält - und ich wurde absolut nicht enttäuscht! Das Heißgetränk ist selbst nach Stunden noch sehr warm und er ist tatsächlich dicht! Lediglich am oberen Rand ist die Beschichtung etwas abgebröckelt - aber ok! Der Becher ist einfach nur top und ich kann ihn nur weiterempfehlen!\n')
('Mrs Maureen Foxley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter many trials and tribulations a travel mug which works well.  Keeps liquids cool for quite some time, haven’t tried the endurance test on hot drinks yet.  But MOST importantly, it does not leak!  Only small issue I found was that you have to be careful tipping it up when drinking, a too enthusiastic swill could find some liquid sloshing out the side of your mouth.  But careful drinking cures that.  Recommended.\n')
('Looby', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have struggled with so many travel mugs. Some leak, some don’t keep drink hot enough, some tricky to clean. Finally decided to invest in a decent one & I'm so glad I did. Keeps my tea hot all day & easy to drink. Highly recommend this travel mug. And it comes apart easily for cleaning.\n")
('Alejandro', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot enough to drink all day. No leaks and looks good too\n')
('Hubert Roman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin sehr guter Kaffeebecher To Go der hält was er verspricht. Hab ihn jetzt schon über ein Jahr täglich im Einsatz und bin immer noch voll zufrieden. 6 Uhr heißen Kaffee rein und um 11 Uhr immer noch heiß solange der Becher voll ist. Sonst bleibt er bis zu 2 Stunden heiß aber meistens hab ich meinen Kaffee schon um 7 Uhr alle.\n')
('Miss Ann Marie Stitchell', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely looking travel mug and keeps hot drinks hot. However lid mechanism has broken after only 2 weeks and will not close. So effectively useless if you want to prevent leaks. Very disappointed it didnt last long for the price.\n')
('Anna Malek', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice looking, well insulated and leak proof. However the lid is poorly designed. When I tried to drink from the lid it took a while for the drink to come out, but  it came in such a big flow that it spilled all over my jacket. I now have to take the jacket to the laundry.\n')
('Luca', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExactly what I was lookin for! Very good quality,easy to clean and very handy and safe to drinkfrom while driving!\n')
('Theresa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell worth the money. Need to allow the drink to cool a little before fitting the top or else it will stay too hot to drink for hours!\n')
('Niamh D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best water bottles ever. Exceedingly good for cold drinks, almost too good for hot drinks. I have bought quite a few as presents.\n')
('Marc', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Kaffee hält wirklich lange warm , aber die Qualität lässt sehr zu wünschen übrig . Die Farbe blättert, trotz Handwaschung sehr schnell ab, was natürlich sehr schade ist .\n')
('Jay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was sceptical about how long it would keep hot drinks hot. I was blown away with how good this is. No issues to report with this product, it’s stylish, holds a good amount of liquid and really does keep your drink hot\n')
('m.sayers', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug is the best I have brought! Would buy again and again. It so easy to clean as the lid breaks down into 3 items so you can always get to the bits that normally are so hard to keep clean. It is defiantly leak proof and keeps the tea/coffee hot for hours. Love it!\n')
('Benny', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher fällt nicht nur mit seinem Design auf sondern sie hält die Getränke eine sehr lange Zeit heiß genau richtig für unterwegs. Dank seiner 360 Grad Trinköffnung ist Trinken inzwischen tropfsicher, meine Klamotten werden sich genauso freuen.\n')
('mr s d thompson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès très bon produit, il garde la chaleur très longtemps et il est très bien étanche.Je le recommande beaucoup.\n')
('Daniela F.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKaffeebecher ist seit 2 Monaten täglich im Einsatz.Im Grunde gibt es nichts negatives anzumerken, die negativen Punkte sind jammern auf sehr hohen Niveau.Positiv:+ absolut Dicht+ super Design (Arbeitskollegen mussten ihn alle mal begutachten)+ Pulverbeschichtung hat hohe Kratzbeständigkeit+ einfach Handhabung, sowohl in der Montage als auch Demontage (Reinigung)+ einfache und effektive Reinigung ohne restliche Ablagerungen von alten Kaffee (Geschmacksgarantie)+ lange Wärmeisolierung (bisher min. 5 Std)+ von jeder Stelle am Deckel trinkbar+ guter Stand+ keine Verfärbung von Gefäß und Gummidichtungen (das Auge isst/trinkt mit)+ KundenserviceNegativ (sehr hohes Niveau)- schwer erkennbar, ob Gefäß offen oder zu ist (Differenz des Druckdeckels zwischen geschlossen und offen zu gering bzw nicht farblich an Innenseite markiert)Für mich klare Kaufempfehlung! Jederzeit wieder!\n')
('LC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug I ever owned. It keeps drink warm for hours and it’s 100% leak proof\n')
('David Ferreira', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe lange nach einem Thermobecher gesucht, der in mein Auto passt, nicht nach Plastik schmeckt, leicht mit einer Hand zu öffnen ist, stundenlang mein Getränk heiß hält! Würde wieder kaufen!!!!\n')
('Caro', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGefällt mir sehr gut, ist jetzt auch schon ne Weile regelmäßig in Benutzung und absolut zufrieden damit. Keine Probleme damit gehabt und hoffe das bleibt so\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHold the liquid nicely warm but not very nice to drink from - both me and my husband didn’t like it\n')
('Stan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGuten Tag, der Thermobecher hat sein vor.- und Nachteile. Das gute ist das er wirklich die Hitze im Becher Stunden inne hält und wie beschrieben den Deckel man komplett auseinander schrauben kann ( Gut zum reinigen). Aber was auch richtig blöd ist das er obwohl er spülmaschinen geeignet ist der Lack sich vom Becher löst und ständig irgendwelche Lack Stücke sich irgendwo im Schrank, in der Tasche oder im Becher selbst befinden. Noch dazu sieht es einfach schäbig aus, warum hat man nicht einfach das Logo in den Becher mit einem Laser oder fräse eingearbeitet.Mit freundlichen Grüßen S.Wallendorf\n')
('Christina B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '')
('Georgina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this ,  keeps drinks hot for hours\n')
('Martine', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr coolHält lange heiß und man kann gut draus trinken.Schöne Verarbeitung\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDicht hält er, war rundum glücklich und das für ca. 3 Wochen. Jetzt hat er die 40 Grad Wäsche der Spülmaschine nicht überlebt. Schade, leider doch ein minderwertiges Produkt.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung.Alles supi.\n')
('Shan1987', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe have three of these mugs and find them amazing and extremely useful in all respects! The drinks stay piping hot for many hours even in the coldest weather, they are 100% leak-proof in all positions and the lid is easy to operate and clean within seconds. Aesthetically really stylish too, so look no further: THIS IS THE BEST MUG EVER!!!\n')
('Rainer Börner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider blättert die Beschichtung sehr schnell ab\n')
('Steve', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy first mistake was thinking my coffee would go cold on the way to work... my commute to work is circa 45 mins and I was in work before I could drink it! In fact I had to take the lid off.Note to self: make the coffee temperature ready to drink!So:- great design- easy to use (travel mugs usually feel like I’m drinking through Lego bricks!)- keeps the contents warm long enough (I suspect for any commute)Edit: 4 years later it’s still in daily use. Although the paint did start to come off. Therefore, I would recommend the stainless steel version to avoid this problem.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin schöner Becher hält schön warm und mann kann gut raus trinken während der fahrt\n')
('Christian', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider sind beide Becher undicht\n')
('MRS LC CONNIFF', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter having many different hot cups this exceeds them all. Keeps drinks hot for several hours and absolutely does not leak. Brilliant.\n')
('helen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSuch an amazing thermos travel cup, that I will honestly never buy anything different. I already use '720 degree' 1.5L water bottles and haven't gone back.. That's why I thought I'd try their travel mug. Kept my hot drink hot/drinkable for up to 4 hours (whilst trying to cool it down too) Terrific! Would highly recommend.\n")
('Marcus M.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch benutze den Becher um auf dem Weg zur Arbeit um meinen Kaffe zu trinken. Bis jetzt ist mir nichts negatives aufgefallen. Bin sehr zufrieden\n')
('Robert Wiesner', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr leicht und gut zu reinigen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe have had a few thermal travel mugs over the years with varying degrees of success. When we needed to replace our last ones we chose to go for 720°DGREE ones and we can honestly say they are the best ones we have ever had. The ability to drink from any part of the lid is brilliant for both my wife who is a lefty and for me when driving, etc as you dont have to constantly look where the drinking hole is first. The only negative which is a really big positive, is that the drinks stay close to boiling hot for hours! Our first drink was a coffee and we were still drinking it at "just brewed" temperature hours later. They really are amazing at keeping the heat in the drinks all day! Aesthetically they are also beautiful to look at and are a comfortable size to hold in your hand. Really pleased with this purchase and will highly recommend.\n')
('sam', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFab thermostat mug, keeps drinks hot enough to enjoy for at least 5 hours. Secure pop top, none leak whilst drinking and spill proof design.\n')
('Angela cullen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this as a Christmas gift. Lovely sleek design and fits nicely in the car. Perfect for long drives as temperature stays hot.\n')
('e', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr ist absolut auslaufsicher, hält extrem lange heiß. Ich lasse sogar häufig den Deckel offen, damit der Tee abkühlen kann.Da man den Deckel auseinandernehmen kann, kann man den Becher auch extrem gut reinigen, sodass zum Beispiel auch kein bisschen Kaffeegeschmack zurückbleibt. Man kann also von Cappuccino wieder zu Tee wechseln.Absolut empfehlenswert!\n')
('JY', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it.does what it says\n')
('tim', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent! This is my third purchase for the family\n')
('Jörg-Moritz', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nit almost never let it be cold or hot. it keeps the temperature as it was for long time. very Satisfied!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nund der Becher macht was er soll, erhält den Kaffee auch über längere Zeit warm. Nun bin ich endlich weg von den Einwegbechern, die mich schon länger gestört haben, aber bisher habe ich keinen wirklich guten Becher gefunden. Das Trinken klappt absolut kleckerfrei egal an welche Stelle man trinkt und der Becher ist auslaufsicher, was mir besonders wichtig war. Der Kaffee schmeckt nicht nach Metall, wie ich es bei anderen Bechern schon erlebt habe.Eine klare Kaufempfehlung von mir.\n')
('Vangaz', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat item does everything you want and stays hotter than any previous travel mugs I’ve had 👍👍👍👍👍\n')
('croizier dominique', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent ,I had 1 bought for me,I bought 1 for my wife who loves how long it keeps hot\n')
('Suzanne Rogerson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug is amazing . It’s been on daily commutes in my bag , tipped upside down for hours and dropped . No leakage . Keeps my coffee hot hot hot for hours . I love it\n')
('Oliver Weberberger', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider löst sich der schwarze Plastiklack überall vom Becher ab. Sieht nicht schön aus.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\n720Dgree is brilliant arrived on time stays hot and the colours are lovely they are not at bright at shown in pictures they are better I brought the green one and my daughter coloured that one  and then brought the violet one for me and both are lovely good to hold in hand and not to heavy.\n')
('Kevp', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPrice isn’t bad considering most large hot drinks are £3 plus. Great Product, pop open lid works great. Make sure you add cold water to your hot drink to cool, as it holds heat so well that It won’t cool quick enough to drink otherwise.\n')
('Ralle', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHandling absolut unproblematisch. Reinigung durch zerlegbaren Deckel ein Kinderspiel.\n')
('MPETER', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with this product! Thank youHave now ordered another 2 for Christmas presents. Well worth the price.\n')
('Tracey Jennings', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent thermal\n')
('Irma', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher.  Hält lange warm oder kalt und läuft nicht aus.\n')
('andreas', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSolid\n')
('Clarkey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery impressed with this cup.  Easy to use easy to clean, is light weight  and keeps coffee HOT.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ist nach wenigen Wochen der Deckel gebrochen. Der Becher ist somit undicht. Der Verkäufer ist trotz zahlreicher höflicher Emails, Erläuterungen und Videos zum defekten Deckel nicht bereit, innerhalb der garant gesetzlichen garantiezeit den Deckel zu ersetzen.\n')
('Jacey2', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is just what I was looking for. It keeps my coffee very hot (too hot actually!) and seems not to leak (so far!). It is a good assembly and easy to take apart and clean and it is very easy and comfortable to drink from. I chose the red and it is gorgeous, a deep, metallic red.\n')
('Michele', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s the best Travel mug! Keeps your tea hot for hours (about 4-5 hours)!!\n')
('Neilly', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI thought the Germans were good at making stuff but this was just a load of crap. It last from May to end of September. The blasted cap came off while I was walking to my car with my hot food and poured soldering hot water over my right wrist. I can only assume the hot steam melted the glue holding down the cap as there's nothing for it to stick or scew back to.Just avoid and buy a simple flask without a pop top.\n")
('Simon ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nnicht spühlmaschinengeeignet\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this product. My job involves a lot of travel and I just have to make a coffee and throw it in the car and my drink always gets thrown about. This product ensures my car does not wear my coffee.  Would recommend\n')
('cristina bancora', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like it because it keeps my coffee for long time\n')
('Darren Mayberry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot for up to 7hrs great cup great buy\n')
('Trish ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps my tea warm all day\n')
('Pamela Rada', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Becher jetzt seid einigen Wochen in Gebrauch und nutze ihn für den weg zur Arbeit (ca. 50min).Auslaufsicher:Nach meinen Erfahrungen ist er zu 100% Auslaufsicher.Hatte ihn einmal im Rucksack vergessen und den Rucksack im Kofferraum liegen und bin zur Arbeit gefahren.Wo ich dort angekommen bin und den Becher im Rucksack gesehen hab hab ich erstmal einen schreck bekommen.Aber oh wunder alles Trocken kein Tropfen Kaffee ist aus dem Becher ausgelaufen und Heiß war er auch noch.Warmhaltezeit:Zur Warmhaltezeit ist mir aufgefallen das es stark drauf ankommt aus welcher Kaffeemaschine der Kaffee kommt (Vollautomat, Filter Maschine) und wie man seinen Kaffee trinkt.Wo/Wie der Kaffee am längsten heiß blieb:1. Filtermaschine (Schwarz)2. Kaffevollautomat (Schwarz)3. Kaffee mit Milch4. CappuccinoDie Angegebenen 5 Stunden Warmhalten schaft der Becher auf jeden fall.Selbst wenn der Kaffee Becher im Auto bleibt ist er nach 9 Stunden noch Trinkbar warm. (Filtermaschine und Schwarz)Die Erfahrungen die ich mit dem Becher hatte waren bei Außentemperaturen von 5-25 grad denke mal das wenn es jetzt langsam gegen minus Temperaturen geht die Warmhaltezeit sich verringert.Aussehen/Qualität:Der Becher sieht sehr edel aus ist gut verarbeitet und fühlt sich wertig an.Reinigung: Der Becher lässt sich sehr gut zerlegen und Reinigen (Idiotensicher)Bei all dem guten gibt es eine Kleinigkeit die nicht negativ ist aber stören könnte.Der Becher ist relativ hoch (21cm) und wer ihn im Auto nutzt könnte mit dem Getränkehalter im Auto Probleme haben.Aber dafür ist er Recht schlank (6,5cm) und sollte daher vom Durchmesser in jeden Getränkehalter Passen.Fazit:Der Becher hält was er Verspricht und ist sein Geld wert."Der Perfekte Kaffeebecher" :)\n')
('adda', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe schon mehrere dieser Becher sind einfach super  alle Angaben des Herstellers können zu 100% bestätigt werden\n')
('Daran Parker', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI thought I might end up sending this back...however my daughter took a shine to bringing hot soup to school, it\'s nuked at 8:30am and is still "steaming hot" at 1pm!No messy leaks either...⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐\n')
('caro', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was er verspricht\n')
('RainyDayShopper', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nPossibly one of the best things I've bought from amazon. I work with horses so I don't get much time to sit down with a coffee at shows. I made my coffee in the morning and 6 hours later I was expecting a mouthful of lukewarm coffee to spit out but was still hot and I think I got a shock😂 it's been sitting in the front seat of my car and the lorry rolling around and still no leaks. And I love how the lid comes apart into 3 pieces for a proper clean.. I'll definitely be getting more for the upcoming eventing season cause you can never have enough good travel mugs.\n")
('Ventsislava Kokeva', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI absolutely love this travel mug. I purchased another brands one & it leaked all the time, it was really annoying but this mug is great in every way, doesn’t leak, my drink remains hot for a long time & so easy to drink out of & looks great too.Very happy with this purchase & would highly recommend it to anyone.\n')
('clare', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best travel mug I’ve had. It keeps the drink hot for ages.\n')
('Janina Becker', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Kanne tut, was sie soll und ist absolut dicht, auch, wenn sie in der Tasche umkippt. Außerdem ist der Kaffee auch nach Stunden noch heiß. Klare Kaufempfehlung.\n')
('Graceno7', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSlim cup that feels nice to hold and will fit in any cup holder.  My coffee was still piping hot two hours after making it.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it\n')
('P. Holzer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nInvestition hat sich gelohnt, besonders die leichte und hygienische Reinigung ist perfekt.Nachtrag: nach täglicher Benutzung blättert die Farbe ab. Sehr schade\n')
('Mr Lee &#34;Geeza&#34; Fairbanks', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have seen other reviews about the product leaking, The mug will in fact leak a little if you hold it upside down and shake it like a maraca, but let’s get real if you want a 100% sealed unit get a screw flask.The coffee stays warm for hours and mug is big enough to hold a large drink for long journeys.The only downside I have found is the lid could do with a colour indicator to see when the lid is open and closed but a close inspection and you can tell, other than that it’s faultless and hopefully will hold up over time. For £20 I dont think you can beat the 720 degree mug.\n')
('Gabi H.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Thermobecher sieht nicht nur stylisch aus sondern ist auslaufsicher und hält die Flüssigkeit lange warm bzw. heiß.Definitiv eine Kaufempfehlung und jeden Cent wert.\n')
('HM', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nWell designed bit of kit, keeps redders all day.\n')
('luke hawley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBest travel mug, I've ever used\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher, der auch über Stunden super heiß hält. Auslaufsicher und gut in der Hand liegend.\n')
('Jannik Brinkmann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut und hält lange heiß.War sehr überrascht.\n')
('Andreas K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir haben mittlerweile mehrer dieser Becher im Einsatz und sind sehr zufrieden. Die Isolation ist sehr gut und auch nach über einem Jahr hält der Becher vollkommen dicht. Durch seine schlanke Form passt er gut in die Hand und ist auch insgesamt sehr gut verarbeitet.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe mir den Becher gekauft, um vor allem in der kalten Jahreszeit etwas heißes zu trinken dabei zu haben. Und ich wurde nicht enttäuscht. Der Tee ist auch Stunden später noch heiß. Top Becher!\n')
('FX5', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin sehr schöner Thermobecher..hatte leider gleich zu Anfang ein paar Kratzer und nach 3Monaten Benützung ist die Farbe abgsplittet.  Aber super bequem und hält was er verspricht.\n')
('Edward Milner', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this mug for my husband and for the first 6 months it was great. I washed it by hand in order to preserve its life, but unfortunately the film is coming off, which makes it look awful.  The company have refused to replace the mug, as it is 6 months old.  The customer service from this company is extremely poor, all they care about is the bottom line profit, not customer satisfaction - so buyers beware!\n')
('caza', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfetta e funzionale!Non perde nemmeno una goccia!Consiglio a tutti!!!\n')
('Janet Gallagher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGift for my wife. Her feedback - “brilliant”. Keeps contents hot for a long, long time and simple push-button lid is excellent. Stylish, functional and sturdy. Great customer service from the seller also (Kaave) who made the shopping experience even better with their personable message. Glad I bought this.\n')
('S.A.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung.Ansprechendes Design.Getränk bleibt lange heiß.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält Getränke gut heiß. Volumen genau was ich benötige. Preisleistungsverhältnis gut.Optik sehr schön. Gute Standsicherheit.\n')
('DCC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nErfüllt alle meine Erwartungen. Dicht, hält lange heiß, einfach zu öffnen...\n')
('candles', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've had a few travel mugs, but never found the ideal one.  They were either too big for the cup holder in the car, had a handle that didn't line up with the drinking hole, didn't keep the drink warm for long enough, or simply hard to drink from when driving.  This one ticks all the boxes.  If anything it keeps the drink too hot.  I made a drink the other day for a drive of around two hours.  Not only did it stay hot for the whole trip, but so hot I could only sip it, making it an ideal travel mug.  It looks sleek, it feels good to hold, and with a 360 degree drinking area, it doesn't matter which way you pick it up.  Ideal for travelling in a car in the dark.  I think it's worth every penny.\n")
('Tony', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery pleased with purchase. Easy to use and keeps drinks hot for a long time\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRetains heat very well. 100% leakproof. Worth the money.\n')
('alexander Zimmermann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfekt. Mein Tee bleibt stundenlang so heiß das ich ihn kaum trinken kann... Der Becher läuft definitiv nicht aus.\n')
("j. o'donnell", '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWonderful mug bought for the hubby for his birthday.  Chosen specifically because of the dimensions so it fits in his Skoda Superb cup holder (apparently many mugs don’t) and also because I believed it was dishwasher proof.  Unfortunately after less than a year of use, the paint is coming off.  It’s only cosmetic, but I’m now thinking twice before purchasing one for myself.  Apart from the finish it’s a great mug and delivers on everything else.\n')
('Fannie Häfner', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin mehr als zufrieden. Selbst nach Defekt ohne Probleme Ersatzteil erhalten.\n')
('Julia Huser', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist echt Spitze! Ich habe schon viele Thermobecher ausprobiert, aber dieser Becher ist der Beste. Ich als Pendler freue mich, auch nach über einer Stunde Fahrt noch heißen (nicht nur lauwarmen) Kaffee zu trinken!\n')
('Sven zippel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist einfach genial. Er liegt perfekt in der Hand, hält deutlich länger als 5 Std warm ( nach 6 Std ist der Kaffee immer noch so heiß das man langsam trinken muss) und ist ein Hingucker. Das reinigen dieses Produktes ist keine große Herausforderung da man den Deckel komplett zerlegen kann.Eine klare kauf empfehlung und 5 Sterne!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nthis lid is a push down push to lift up.  Its not leak proof at all  Have binned the one I bought and could not recommend, would not buy again.\n')
('Eva', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer erste Becher bei dem mir nichts ausläuft. Und er kann komplet zerlegt werden für Reinigung\n')
('"charmy13"', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach nur perfekt!Auslaufsicher. Hält lange warm.Farbe ist sehr schön. Das matierte macht den Becher sehr edel.Was will man mehrPreis Leistung ist ok\n')
('SA', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher, hält aber trotz vorwärmen nur 5-6 Stunden richtig warm.\n')
('Philipp H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles super!\n')
('Jens Struempf', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEcht super! Und sehr sehr schön\n')
('mark addison', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nExcellent product. Just what I was looking for. In the morning when I am juggling my daughter and two bags, I no longer have to worry about spilling my coffee. I just pop it in my bag and once we're in the car I pop it in my cup holder.I do have to make my coffee a little cooler so I can actually drink from it straight away. If not it's hot for hours!\n")
('Rick R', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA great travel mug! Ive tried a few and this is the best so far. Completely leak proof and keeps tea warm for hours. (nearly too hot to drink after half an hour) A lovely sleek design and easy to clean. I cycle to work and know that even if the mug topples over in my basket, its not going to leak. Very happy with purchase\n')
('Alex Jenkinson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent cup every morningBest one iv had\n')
('Robert Harris', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this for my husband so he could have coffee on the go I read the reviews beforehand so I knew what was the best travel mug was and came across this one and  it's awesome husband loves it keeps coffee warm it's easy to drink out of and easy to clean. I will end up getting myself one too so that I can drink my bulletproof coffee on the go\n")
('Mrs E O’Reardon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExcellent thermos acheté pour mon fils au lycée. Facile à mettre dans le sac, super étanche et garde TB la chaleur jusqu'en fin de journée\n")
('S Rowan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product is awesome, just what I was looking for! It doesn’t leak at all, even when horizontal in my bag! Also it keeps the drinks super hot! I’ve taken to making a coffee at lunch time so I can drink it on the journey home from work at 5, and it’s still almost too warm to drink!!! Amazing! Also easy to drink while you drive, and fits in my smallish cup holder! Totally recommend!\n')
('Anh Tuan Truong', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer Becher dient seinem Zweck.Die Teile sind leicht auseinander zu bauen und dementsprechend leicht zu reinigen.Hält man ihn geschlossen schräg läuft nichts aus also alles gut. Darüber hinaus finde ich ihn chic aber fad ist ja Geschmackssache\n')
('Mel G.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nErster Thermobecher, der hält, was er verspricht! Ob heiß oder kalt, die Temperatur wird über Stunden hinweg gehalten. Handlich und gut aussehend ist er auch noch. Was will man mehr!?\n')
('MG', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDepending on the position it may leak.Fantastic temperature conservation.\n')
('M.O', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer schlichte Becher hält was er verspricht - zumindest im Punkt Warmhaltung. Leider ist das nur ein Kriterium, denn des Weiteren sollte so ein Becher DICHT sein. Das war er auch ein Jahr lang... bis gestern. da tröpfelt es nun schön in meine Tasche. Verschluss sowie Becher wurden immer mit der Hand abgewaschen, niemals im Geschirrspüler. Schade. Achja, den Verschluss hab ich natürlich auseinander und wieder zusammengebaut - wie gehabt. leider ohne Erfolg. Dafür kam mir ein Stück Plastik entgegen...\n')
('Natalie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFür mich der beste Thermobeche den ich hatte und ich hatte schon viele. Der klare Vorteil bei ihm ist das er gute 6 Stunden meinen Kaffe warm hält. Ich habe ihn jetzt über ein Jahr und er ist immer noch dicht! Er hat auch viele Nachteile mit denen ich aber leben kann da er das tut für was er gedacht ist. Zum Ersten er ist etwas umständlich zu reinigen da der Verschluss aus beweglichen Kleinteilen besteht aber er geht komplett zu zerlegen. Die dichtung muss man auch immer alle entfernen da sich die Reste auch unter diese setzen. Die farbbeschichtung löst sich leider in der Spülmaschinen aber da soll er ja auch nicht hinein was mir recht egal war denn die maschiene erleichtert die Reinigung und in unserer Gesellschaft heutzutage sollte solch ein Produkt das auch abkönnen. Alles im allen kann ich ihn weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Pere Castany Morales', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI am always in a rush, so often make coffee on the run. My previous normal mug kept it warm for 30mins. Then I bought the 720.  This mug keeps my drink warm all day. Somepeople might say you should make a drink and drink it. I get to work get involved in something and forget to drink. Now when I go vavk to my drink it's still HOT. Not just warm. This means it can have a hot drink of coffee throughout my day. Everyone needs one of these cups in their lives.\n")
('The Raven KIng', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product.Came quickly!\n')
('Susi K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist bis jetzt der beste Thermobecher. Ich benutzte den Becher jeden Morgen. Hatte ihn einmal morgens im Auto vergessen und mein Kaffee war trotzdem nach 3 Stunden immer noch heiß! Leider ist mir der Becher vor kurzem runter gefallen,  auf die Straße.  Es ist jetzt zwar eine kleine Beule drin, aber es ist kein Tropfen Kaffee heraus geflossen. Schade nur, dass der Becher nicht spülmaschinenfest ist!\n')
('Andre, B.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLange auf der Suche nach einem auslaufsicheren und lange warm haltenden Coffee Mug. Habe viele Alternativen gecheckt. Herausforderung: Einen passenden Coffee Mug zur passenden Wasserflasche (Milky Bottle). Bei 720 fündig geworden, so dass ich privat als auch geschäftlich immer stilsicher und sicher unterwegs bin (bei der letzten Geschäftsreise ist mein alter Coffee Mug nämlich beim Kunden ausgelaufen, Bummer)\n')
('Ruth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug is a nice slim design and keeps drink hot for a long time .i made up a drink the other day and it was still hot about 4hours or more later .i had one for Christmas and thought it was very good and value for money so bought my sister one .thanks for nice mug.\n')
('Jane Kelly', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says and keeps your drink warm\n')
('Víctor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs de lo mejor que he tenido. Fácil de usar, de limpiar y mantiene el calor tal y como promete. Es el segundo que compro porque me cargué el aislante interior del primero al hacer una limpieza del termo con lejía... pero contacté con la casa y me han dado un montón de opciones para hacer limpiezas en profundidad de cuando en cuando sin dañarlo. El que estropee me lo compre hace un año y estaba perfecto excepto por un par de pequeños descascarillados por fuera de tanto uso que le doy. Además es de los pocos que tiene la boquilla completamente desmontable para poder limpiarla bien y es una boquilla de 360* así que puedes beber por cualquier lado, muy práctico si lo usas al conducir.Por último, el precio es más que razonable y mucho más barato que otras marcas que no son tan buenas.\n')
('Stephen Crolla', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this for my husband in September just gone. He uses this every day and suddenly this morning this happened?No particularly happy !\n')
('Roxane', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant\n')
('Sarah Dytor', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nso easy to hold unlike other travel mugs. Excellent price and quick delivery. Perfect\n')
('rae.h', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing mug!This mug doesn’t need any of my photos as the ones they have are fantastic and show the item exactly as the mugs are.  It kept my coffee hot for a touch over 9(nine) hours and tea just under 10(ten) hours! Far far better than expected.Cleaning is a piece of cake, unscrew the lid, wash the mug like a normal mug, and then unscrew the lid wash it and dry and put back together - it’s a job that takes minutes to do and is so simple!Leak proof, I’m bed bound due to a neuro problem and often get spasms or shakes and it’s survived two of them and hasn’t leaked at all - I’ve even turned it upside down (when the lid was on and locked shut) and not a single drop came out, so I can truly say it’s 100% leak proof.Drinking from it is simple just like any one of these type of mug, push the lid down it clicks you drink and push the lid down again it clicks shut, it really is that simple!I was a huge fan of a competitor of these and ordered this one as I couldn’t find the first mug and now this has become my primary mug and the other is my spare now - although I think a couple more may be added if it’s as good keepingdrinks cold as it is hot!Huge respect to the designers and manufacturers as this exceeds any expectations you can have!\n')
('Mr. K. Charles', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have edited my review down to three stars because after some use I have discovered a major flaw for a tea drinker. It is practically impossible to clean. I have tried all sorts of solvents; bleach, vinegar, and various washing up liquids. It developed the dark tannin stains you can see in the photo. I have replaced it with this dishwasher safe mughttps://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d/B07XVNBH49?psc=1&ref=ppx_pop_mob_b_asin_titleI already had an \'insulated\' cup, but I was frustrated that the tea was cold after barely an hour. At work I made numerous trips to a vending machine, sometimes only drinking part of each cup. I am now working from home, in isolation due to the covid19 pandemic, and I like to isolate myself in my  office (spare bedroom) and work. After reading reviews saying how this retained heat I thought Id\'d try it. The first clue that it was different to my old mug was that after pre-warming and filling the body of the cup is cold to the touch. The tea is piping hot for about 3 hours, and acceptably warm for the rest of the day.I wouldn\'t mark it down for this, but you have to get used to tilting it slowly when drinking the last few mouthfuls, or it can come in a rush!Edit,Since no other mug keeps things hot as well and I wasn\'t using it because I couldn\'t clean it, I thought "what have I got to lose" and put it in the dishwasher. It came out looking like the last photo but after three or four washes it looks like the second to last, just about as nice looking as original and clean!Why they put that non-dishwasher safe coating on on the first place I don\'t know.\n')
('Nick Bulach', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält super warm und hat ein schickes Design. Die Öffnung zum Trinken ist nicht ideal, weil auf einmal zu viel Flüssigkeit rauskommt, so dass die Hälfte neben dem Mund runter läuft. Bin sonst immer sehr zufrieden mit den Trinkflaschen von 720 Grad. Diesmal leider nicht. Eine andere Art von Deckel wäre wünschenswert.\n')
('Barbara Klaus', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHallo,Hier mal meine Erfahrungen mit diesem Artikel.Ich habe 2018 nach einem brauchbaren und praktischen Kaffeebehälter gesucht und bin dabei auf diesen Artikel gestoßen. die Idee hat mich überzeugt und so landete er in meinem Warenkorb. Ich war von der Qualität und von der Funktion auf Anhieb begeistert und nutzte ihn jeden Tag um meinen Kaffee darin zu transportieren. Ich trinke ihn immer schwarz und ohne Zucker. leider musste ich nach knapp einem Jahr feststellen, dass der Schließmechanismuss nichtmehr funktionierte, dachte jedoch es wäre noch im Rahmen, da ich den Becher wirklich oft verwendet habe. So bestellte ich mir im November 2019 nochmals diesen Becher. Leider muss ich sagen, dass der Mechanismuss bereits nach 4 Monaten nicht mehr richtig funktionierte und ich den Becher nun zurücksenden werde, da er im ge chlossenen Zustand total undicht ist und ich mir meine kompletten Arbeitsunterlagen versaut habe. Schade, denn die Verarbeitung wirkte wirklich solide.\n')
('RachyRach', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is really good works just the way you want.handy that you can drink from any direction.Keeps drinks hot for several hours.Has survived a couple of falls as well and still no leaks.Its also compact but holds a good amount.The only down side is cleaning the lid, it can be tricky putting it back together the first time, there is alot of little bits to it.\n')
('Miss Le-Ann Roberts', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product...after 7hrs tea was still hot 😊...100% leak proof and easy to drink from.\n')
('Catherine H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOnly had this 4 weeks, what a mess. When the coating comes off completely it will be like having a new mug £20 price tag I wouldn't buy again but good product. Maybe contact manufacturers to see what can be done about the coating\n")
('Andrew', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have used sooo many travel mugs. This is by far my favourite. Keeps my coffee warm for hours and won’t spilt inside the bag. Lovely colour selection even though I thought it was brighter than actually is\n')
('Love bug', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nwhat a great product, looks great, feels great, good price the best of all I've tried in the pastkeeps drink really hot as well, and i mean hot not just warm\n")
('Leanne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDefinitely leak proof and stays hot forever\n')
('Nicky', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlthough I was very excited with the travel mug, I am editing my review as it started to rust after I only had it for about a week. What a shame! Extremely disappointed!\n')
('Lyndsey Draper', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper product....kept coffee warm as long as I needed. Also love the leak proof lid. Highly recommend this travel cup.\n')
('Paul Ackerley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKept very hot for hours!!!\n')
('Lorna Robertson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought for my husband, great mug! Keeps his coffee hot all day, doesn't leak and really easy to clean! A great purchase!He's super pleased! Has used cheaper mugs in the past, the is by far the best he's used!\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher war am Anfang sehr gut, hat dicht gehalten und lange warm.Aber nach zwei Wochen benutzung fing er auf einmal an auszulaufen\n')
('Nes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHier kann man einfach nur sagen - was für ein geiles Teil. Es hält sehr sehr lange die Getränke warm. Man kann super daraus trinken, kein kleckern. Und 100% auslaufsicher. Klare Kaufempfehlung!!!!\n')
('garethj', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the second one of these im buying! The first one lasted me 4 years until I put it in the dishwasher too many times and all the colour peeled off, hence why I gave it 4 stars for cleaning rather than 5, though the lid comes apart into 3 bits and its very easy to clean, just dont put in dishwasher! Despite that happening because im too lazy to wash it up, I have never had a better flask than this! It holds the perfect amount of tea, it keeps it hot all day (and honestly probably all night too its that good) to the point ill go to drink it 5 hours later and its still too hot to drink! I've bought my entire family one each and now am buying again for myself because I love it, also got a water bottle from this company and I honestly won't buy bottles from anywhere else ever again! If I could give it 10 stars I would! Buy it!\n")
('Stefano', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic travel mug. Bought for a friend for a secret Santa gift and she loves it.\n')
('Bronwen', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo prodotto, mantiene benissimo il calore e non perde.\n')
('Dierick S.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHey Leute also kann euch diesen Tee/Kaffebehälter echt wärmlichst empfehlen der Tee bleibt über Stunden wirklich heiß man muss sogar aufpassen dass man den Tee/Kaffe nicht zu heiß hineingibt da er wirklich Stunden lang diese Temperatur hält .Danke für dieses tolle Produkt 👍🏽\n')
('Helga Schulz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNachdem wir schon 3 1,5L Flaschen haben, habe ich mal den Thermobecher probiert. der erste Schluck Kaffee schmeckt wie der letzte und die Temp ist definitiv für 3-4 Stunden gehalten. Würde den definitiv weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Raquel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product, got this as a present for a friend and she absolutely loves it! The red colour looks different though in real life than on the photo. Its darker, more of a burgundy colour than red.\n')
('Aiden M.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for work as it really does keep my tea/coffee hot for hours! So handy!\n')
('Linda', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGing leider zurück,weil nicht so auslaufsicher wie beschrieben.\n')
('Simone Herker', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach nicht mal einer Stunde ist der Kaffee kalt.\n')
('Rainbow1Gold', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI filled around 9 am. It was initially too hot to drink, so I set it aside for a bit. By 10 am, it was slightly more drinkable but still really hot. Friends, this mug retained the heat until i finished the last drops at 11:30! So impressed. The mug is also incredibly leak-proof. I put it in my large bag and did not worry that the contents would spill over my documents. It's a very tall mug, and quite narrow, so a bit difficult to clean, but if you mix some soap with kettle water and use a long handled sponge, you're golden. Highly recommend.\n")
('JessJ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI brought this as a gift from other half he absolutely loves it\n')
('Mike', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPut hot coffee in and still hot six hours later. Put boiling water in the mug for one minute first then replace with tea or coffee. Great investment.\n')
('FDE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar ein Geschenk an eine Lehrerin und die ist begeistert. Tropft nix! Dabei plörrt sie sonst immer...Fühlt sich auch gut an,das Gehäuse.Qualität scheint top.\n')
('Christian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher hält den Kaffee über mehrere Stunden (wie versprochen) heiß. Er passt in den Getränkehalter meines Autos. Einen Stern Abzug, da der Becher nicht komplett  für die Spülmaschine geeignet ist.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDrink still very hot after 4 hours 👍\n')
('Helen Smart', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHot drinks stay hot for hours. It’s completely leak proof as well as being stylish. What’s not to like? It’s amazingly good.\n')
('Rebeka', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuality product! Best one I have used. Does not leak, great to drink from, looks brilliant and keeps drinks hot for a long time. I would Highly recommend this brand and product.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den Becher jetzt 3 Monate fast täglich in Bentzung. An sich bin ich super zufrieden mit dem Becher.Er hält locker 3-4 Stunden den Kaffee heiß und wenn man möchte auch über 5-7 Stunden trinkbar warm.Einziger Knackpunkt ist für mich die Klickmechanik. Diese schließt manchmal nicht beim ersten Mal. Hält allerdings komplett dicht.Die Reinigung empfinde ich nicht als störend aber umständlich. Man muss den kompletten Deckel aufdrehen und die einzelnen Teile des Klickmechanismuses reinigen. Deshalb auch einen Stern Abzug.Leider ist mir der Becher aus etwa 1,5 Höhe auf Stein gefallen und hat eine leichte Beule erlitten.Diese hat der Becher locker weggesteckt.\n')
('gökhan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist wirklich gut verarbeitet, der verschluss hält. Die Getränke bleiben über mehrere stunden warm. Kostet ein wenig mehr als andere ist aber auch jeden Cent wert.\n')
('Kim S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles sehr gut\n')
('mattbrou', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this thermos travel mug. I brewed my coffee, filled up the mug, threw the thing in the car and four hours later the coffee was still so hot it almost burnt my lips! Hot damn!\n')
('Curlygirl6', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have had this product for over a year now and it is brilliant. Drinks stay hot for hours and it is such a good/slim design. It is also really nice to drink from as you can drink from any side.The only negative is that the popper for the lid does become stiff and it's sometimes difficult to open.\n")
('gwr', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says .\n')
('Peter Booth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat flask, very efficient design.\n')
('Neal G', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought two, the colour fell off within the first two weeks and I struggled to get any help from the seller. Do not recommend\n')
('Lynn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIsn't hot to touch, keeps drink at the same temperature that you make it.  So if you put a boiling hot drink in there, it will stay boiling hot!\n")
('Franziska', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gutes hochwertiges Material, Preis Leistung perfekt. Sehr guter Kundenservice. Top! Empfehlenswert. Kaufe gerne wieder.😎\n')
('LJT', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat design and easy to use.However, i dropped it by accident after a week and it broke the lid. So maybe not well built\n')
('Claire Cole', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have had this mug for just over a year. It certainly works as described BUT having never been dropped, damaged or put in a dishwasher the paint is starting to come away. I note other reviews report similar. Such a shame as a brilliant man generally.\n')
('rock chick', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally like this cup. Would recommend! Easy to clean & to assemble & keeps coffee hot for hours. My husband ‘borrows’ it a lot which means it must be good!\n')
('Lily', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign und Verarbeitung dieser Thermoskanne ist top.Sie läuft nicht aus, hält lange genug warm und ist gut zu reinigen.\n')
('S Hocking ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGot this before xmass as I was tired of getting car coffee mugs that are constantly leaking. So far this one has not done so. One thing only is the first time you try to get a drink you will need to push down hard on the lid. I asume its do to the lid been sealed. I tend to now not over fill the cup and and have the lid on open mode before i seal it to the mug. Then close it once its on. The red colour is a nice colour. The mug outer layer stays cold when i have hot tea/coffee in it.It also has a rubber base so its unlikely to move around once placed on the desk. Its a little taller than other coffee mugs that i had in the past but so far I am very happy withit.  One thing to note is that the mug itself it is not suitable for the dishwasher but the lid which can be taken apart is.\n')
('Carmen Stötzer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut in Optik und Funktionalität\n')
('Tristan T.-S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher zu 100%. Der Becher liegt bei mir im Fahrradkorb, da läuft nix raus, er hält extrem lange warm, 360° Trinköffnung. Ein Hand Bedienung. Einfach genial. Klare Kaufempfehlung!\n')
('cj', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nBought 2 of these vacuum cups and have been really pleased with them from the start.  Easy to drink from and keep your hot drink really hot (beware!) for hours on end! Have not experienced any leaks and easy to dismantle and clean.  Excellent product and nice packaging.  Looking to buy other products in the range but they are obviously popular.\n')
('Robin B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely loving this mug. You just depress the lid and you can drink from any angle. Really helps me on my morning commute on a busy tube and needing to keep one hand on the rail and one on the cup! It’s been easy to clean and hasn’t leaked yet. Though I haven’t had it upside down yet so can’t really comment on that part!\n')
('Max', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nColour flaked off and lid broke. Expensive for the 5 months it lasted.\n')
('Alex', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuperb - it’s so much easier to drink from on the move, it fits in the cup holder nicely so doesn’t wobble.  On top of that it keeps drinks warm as described for ages.Highly recommended\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeep tea hot for 2 hours\n')
('rosemary spencer', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI don’t like spending an arm and a leg but also expect my drink to stay hot for a few hours and not leak. I also don’t like the clip lid style as they have to be so tight to be leak proof it’s a bit of a faff. This cup is amazing and worth every penny. It looks great, doesn’t leak and is easy to clean. Would recommend.\n')
('Liz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic travel mug.  This keeps drinks hot for hours and the top is completely secure and leak proof even when you throw the mug in a rucksack.\n')
('Simin Zare', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot drinks piping hot for hours and doesn’t leak. Perfect!Edit: lid broke after 8 months so while it worked it was great but expected it to last longer than it did\n')
('L.M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n...nach dem mein erster Becher bei der Spedition verschwunden ist...und ich mir den Becher nochmal bestellt habe, kann ich nur sagen das ich super zufrieden bin....benutze den Becher jeden Tag, um auf Arbeit immer MEINEN Kaffee trinken kann.Kann ihn nur empfehlen....ist auch noch nach 4 Stunden heiß 🔥.\n')
('Octavian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI got this for ice, it does not melt for 4 hours at the least. EAsy to carry and fits in my office/laptop bag.\n')
('steve richardson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks beautiful, presentation almost beautiful except the box had insufficient glue & parted at the seams… importantly though- it leaks!I bought for Xmas gift to use for hot chocolate. I filled it with cold water to test the product, turned it upside down & water trickled out when in closed position. On inspection the seals are not sufficient. Presumably their poor manufacturing is to blame. This is a high end product. Deeply disappointing. Returning for refund but what a hassle. I just require a product to do as it states. Maybe a one off but it states they are all checked. I cannot buy again from this company.\n')
('barry taylor', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's a good mug. What else do you want me to say?\n")
('Mike', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFirst travel mug I’ve had that stays hot all day! Absolutely leak proof!This was recommended by a friend so my husband bought one, I was sceptical so didn’t bother. My husband wouldn’t stop raving about it. So I bit the bullet and bought one! Couldn’t be happier x\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust what I needed to fit the cupholder in my car. You can drink from any side & keeps my coffee hotter than my old one.\n')
('Annette', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot all day- have to take the lid off to let it cool a bit before drinking!\n')
('Stella', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin sehr zu Frieden. Der Becher macht genau was er soll  ich würde in immer wieder kaufen.\n')
('Nadine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign ist gelungen. Jedoch die Ausführung, speziell die Lackierung löst sich nach 8-monatiger Benutzung vom Becher ab.Es scheint mir die Grundierung ist nicht ausreichend und der Becher sehr Kratzempfindlich ist!.\n')
('Panta', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist an sich sehr gut, hält super warm und ist komplett auslaufsicher. Toll ist auch die Bedienung mit einer Hand.Mein Problem, ich trinke schwarz Tee mit Milch, und wasche den Becher regelmäßig in der Spülmaschine. Der Deckel verfügt über drei Gummidichtungen die nicht so einfach abgehen, unter den Gummidichtungen fängt es daher an ein bisschen zum müffeln. Das kommt sicherlich von der Milch, ist aber ärgerlich, da man eben jedes Mal die Gummidichtungen ab fummeln muss um den Becher richtig zu reinigen. Die eine Dichtung im großen Stück, aus dem man trinkt, bekommt man nicht wieder eingesetzt, wenn sie einmal draußen war.Ich suche weiter nach einem neuen Becher mit einer weniger komplizierten Technik, die sich dann hoffentlich leichter reinigen lässt.\n')
('Mrs Q', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest buy ever!!!! And i think I don’t write this.... no, never.  Haa haa....The Tea is keeping FOR HOURS hot. Unbelievable!!!!  I use it everyday. And I’m so glad to have it…everydayJust take care, as it will keep it hot for hours, and you can easily get burned.I didn’t expect thatLeak proof: 100%Easy to drink from!!It is a thin thermo Mug that fits perfect in your hand, it is “higher” as I thought, what is not a problem, more a nice surprise in my case.720Degrees sends it with a Leaflet of how to care and how to clean it properly.And they also advise to keep care if you put it into your bag, as in case you put something heavy or slightly heavy on the top, the lid can easily get pressed down and open the mug lid.I like the fact that buying something from this company, a small amount goes to charity.I bought 3-4 years ago a 1l Waterbottle from this company and it is still like the first day.... thats why I bought also the mug.EDIT:  We have our mug now 2 years. It is still like new and we are using it often.Having said that, we will order a second one for my hubby.\n')
('Lyall Perry1', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngreat cup my coffee was hot all day, better than my Costa coffee travel cup!\n')
('Stu', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI haven't fully tested this yet but my husband has made use of it.  He had an appointment over the lunch period, 60 miles from home so took the flask rather than scouring for a take away.  He filled it with coffee having first filled it with boiling water.  He first tried to have a drink 2 hours later but he said it was just too hot.  He tried again after another 2 hours and said although it was still very hot it was more drinkable. After 7 hours in the flask it was still very warm. There were no leakages and He was very pleased with it.\n")
('Salma M Hassan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nkann ich nur empfehlen\n')
('Grace Winter-Alsop', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest cup I’ve ever owned. Use for my work every day and in the Camper at the weekends. This is the second one I’ve bought as left my last one on a job😩. Keeps my coffee hot ALL day. Can’t ask for better 👍🏻👍🏻\n')
('JT', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchöne Form, für Tee unterwegs im Auto\n')
('K T', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug. Keep drunk hot for hours and hasn’t leaked even when fallen over. The lid is slightly awkward to clean but then I think most cups like this are. Happy with my purchase.\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt actually does what it promises. Everything else I've tried has leaked, sometimes dramatically and my coffee has been cold within an hour and a half\n")
('mark mcdonagh', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnfortunately I was very disappointed with this product especially after reading all the great reviews. Here are my finding hopefully they will help others. Functionality of keeping fluids hot works well but unfortunately that is about all.1) Coating started to fall off after a little use (No dishwasher used) (See image).2) Very plastic taste when drinking from mug when the lid is attached.3) Sometimes I use it without the plastic lid but unfortunately it has a raised to a point at the top and is not nice to drink from. (See image)4) Cleaning the lid can be difficult, yes it separates into three pieces but can be tricky enough.5) It is leak proof per say but I found a lot of fluid gets trapped in the lid mechanism itself. Even when the lid is in the sealed position you will find that quiet a bit of fluid will come out of the lid mechanism when it is not upright.There are cheaper and better alternatives out there. I would just check before you purchase as I jumped in when I looked and all the reviews.\n')
('Mr Keith Manson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStays hot for hours\n')
('Aoife', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTried it for the first time yesterday on a car journey. Absolutely no leaking and my drink stayed hot for hours. Very sturdy cup, as there is no handle it fits in the car cup holder perfectly and is very stable.Highly recommend this product, I have purchased different ones to this in the past but this  is definitely the best one I have bought.\n')
('bakir hussein', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr sehr guut kann es nur empfehlen.\n')
('Rebecca', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas soll man sagen, ich habe nach einen Thermobecher gesucht, der für mein ice Cafe to go sein soll. Ich habe den online gesehen Farbe und Form haben mir mich schnell entscheiden lassen. Das Design ist toll und hält bis jetzt was es verspricht. Mich hat es an den anderen Thermo becher gestört, das nach einem schluck immer was nach lief, und bei dem ist es nicht. Der nächste becher ist schon im Warenkorb.\n')
('Valentin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSono rimasto completamente soddisfatto dal mio acquisto, buona fattura, buona tenuta ermetica e termica. Spero solo la guarnizione duri abbastanza da ammortizzare il costo.\n')
('kmistry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is great in all respects, looks good, nice to hold and keeps drinks hot for hours. After 4 hours it was still very hot. Seemedpricey compared to some others but well worth the money.\n')
('Gioif', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. Still had piping hot coffee after my one and a half hour commute.\n')
('Scott Kelly', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSo far this is a fantastic mug. It's keeping my tea hot for up to 4 hours. It is taking me a little while to get used to drinking from it as I'm used to a mug with more of a spout.\n")
('nicolas adam miller', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis product is amazing!!!!!!Not only does it keep your hot drink hot ALL DAY, it is completely UNspillable.You can have it in your bag (provided its not full to the brim) and take it out after a few hours (when you reach your destination) and enjoy a lovely hot cup or cocoa tea or coffee.Super easy to use and large size to maximise liquid inside.Cannot fault this. Loved it so much brought another one for my partner.They make excellent practical gifts and come in different colours.You won't be disappointed!!!\n")
('Mrs T', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAppealing design until you realise it is too tall to go under any coffee machines. Can’t easily tell if open or closed, fiddle to wash and I have dropped it more than anything else in my life. The triumph of aesthetics over practicality.\n')
('Mary', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use and clean, could do with a fill level on the inside and drinking from is a little unusual but handy being able drink from Ali sides\n')
('Petrina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug is very very good, a tea made at 7.30am was still hot at midday buy now!!!\n')
('C. Easy', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nLeak proof, keeps drinks hot for ages and easy to drink out of. Best travel mug I've ever had\n")
('Geoff Peck', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's was good but lid stay open after  two uses and never got a email back to us on how to get them replace\n")
('petrina', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIl est beau mais c'est tout... A la 1ère utilisation, ma boisson s'est mise à couler de partout. En démontant le couvercle j'ai vu qu'une pièce était cassée, du coup le thermos est inutilisable.Edit : après contact avec le vendeur, j’ai reçu gracieusement une pièce de remplacement pour que je puisse de nouveau me servir de mon mug thermos... Bravo à 720Degree pour leur geste commercial\n")
('Pamela Peacock', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOne of the better travel mugs I’ve used. It was very important to me that the cup fit in my car cup holder.The only drawback is that it’s easy to forget the cup is open, pick it up from your desk and pour the drink all over the floor!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product, keeps very hot for hours, a definite buy\n')
('OB', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCoating peeling off after few weeks, only used few times. Looks dreadful.\n')
('E.True', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPaint? Plastic wrap? Peels off.\n')
('Ruth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI work in production, which means spending most of the day in and out of a freezing cold workshop. I've been using this for a week now and even in these chilly climates, my tea is still as hot as when I poured it an hour or so later. If you want a cup that is going to keep everything warm for a long time, this is the one to get!\n")
('Judith Read', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWhat's not too like? This is the best cup I've had by miles. Leakproof, and keeps your tea or coffee hot and tasty for long hours, and it's stylish too. I LOVED IT, LOVING IT and WILL KEEP LOVING IT :)\n")
('Toddy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach kurzer Zeit löst sich die Folie.\n')
('A.P.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch verwende diesen Thermobecher für meinen täglichen Morgentee. Er hält die Temperatur sehr lange!; durch seine 360° Nutzung ist er sehr praktisch zum Trinken, kein umständliches öffnen einfach nur drücken und trinken; die Reinigung des Bechers ist ebenso sehr leicht, ferner kannn man dazu auch den Deckel einfach zerlegen und wieder zusammen schrauben; der Kontakt mit dem Servicedienst ist PERFEKT (für das benötigte Ersatzteil entstanden keine Kosten);\n')
('discopants2000', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased this for winter golf mainly. Arrived very quickly, very easy to use, love the click on/off to drink. Stayed hot for hours on a very cold day, minus 1, would definitely recommend to anyone\n')
('Andrew White', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug is the best I have ever used. Liquid remains hot for hours. The plunge top is great, much better than a spout\n')
('Jamie Kelly', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSuch an easy mug to use and clean!!! Fits perfectly in my lunch bag, doesn't leak and My drinks stay hot too!! Don't regret the purchase at all.\n")
('filzstiftriot', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Kanne ist dicht und alles aber der schwarze Lack ist sehr schnell runtergegangen.\n')
('Woody360', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nOne of the best ergonomic designs in my opinion, especially the lid design.......it's just it picks up smells despite regular cleaning and the paint comes off easily which both ruins the drink and beauty of the cup.\n")
('Mariepaul', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug.  Keeps drinks hot for 6 hours.\n')
('Kat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this travel mug keeps drinks lovely and hot, the whole family has one\n')
('Klaus', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles bestens jederzeit gerne wieder\n')
('Amanda', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBy far the best travel mug I have had. Keeps drinks hot for 2-3 hours minimum.Highly recommended!!!\n')
('Thorsten', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung, bin mit bisher allen Artikeln von DGREE zufrieden......\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr zu empfehlen, hält echt lange warm und das man von jeder Seite trinken kann ist auch von Vorteil. Reinigung ist auch super einfach!\n')
('Sabine Pf.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider fängt nach kurzer Zeit die Farbe an sich zu lösen\n')
('IAN DAVIES', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for ages. Looks really good. Light and compact. Just hope I don’t lose it as I did my last travel mug!\n')
('SH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n2 Becher Kaffee passen rein. Unterwegs, nach 1 Stunde war der Kaffee noch so heiß wie frisch aufgebrüht. Ich konnte immer nur kleine schlucke nehmen und so kam es das nach 4 Stunden immer noch eine halbe Tasse übrig war. Diese hatte jetzt eine Temperatur das man ihn gut trinken konnte.\n')
('Patrizia Wagner', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Thermobecher, hält gut heiß und sieht mega aus. Auch saubermachen geht ganz gut. Jedoch nicht ideal fürs auto, da er sehr groß ist.\n')
('Michael Philips', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt looks great, the colour is just like in the pictures and the matte finish makes it look elegant. The lid is easy to dissemble into its separate parts and to clean and it seals 100%. The mug keeps hot drinks steaming hot for hours. I've made tea and left it (forgot it), the lid was on but not shut most of the time but it was still hot after 5 hours! It holds a little more than your usual travel mug, just perfect for hiking or when you just should drink a bit more throughout the day. Didn't try it with cold drinks yet but I'm sure it will work as well as keeping drinks hot. Colour black matte looks awesome too!\n")
('Diane C Jackson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps liquid hot for hours, recommended.\n')
('rina.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeak proof, easy to drink\n')
('Andrew Rampley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBonne performance de Isolation thermique .Volume de 450ml est un bon compromis, la taille de la bouteille permet d'utiliser les portes gobelet de la voitureMais ce type de bouchon à ses limites , en fait, ... pas vraiment pratique....Quelque fois pas facile de boire : - Sans s'en mettre partout, car l'eau arrive facilement à passer à droite et a gauche de la bouche. - Difficile de boire que l'eau sans absorber d'air en même temps. - Verrouillage du bouchon par pression se bloque par moment. - Étanchéité quelquefois défaillante (des goutes perlent lorsque la bouteille est horizontale) - Bouchon non isolé thermiquement (pour le mécanisme de verrouillage et le démontage - nettoyage)Finition grise sans couche de finition est la plus fiable car les revêtements coloré ne tiennent pas bien sur l'inox.La fonction de base  (isotherme)  est très bonne.\n")
('barbara carter', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product and design, easy to use and keeps drinks hot and cold would recommend and buy again\n')
('JW', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use and easy to clean, keeps drinks lovely and hot.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely brilliant. I was skeptical about paying £20+ for a travel mug but I can honestly say it was 100% worth every penny\n')
('Alexander G', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent! Does everything it says in the description. It keeps hot liquids hot all day. Easy to use and wash.\n')
('Caro', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGing sehr schnell\n')
('Debbie D', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps a hot drink hot for hours!!!\n')
('Osteopathie Praxis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist sehr hübsch und hält die Getränke auch lange warm.  Nur leider  geht die  farbige Beschichtung nach nur 5 Monaten an meinem Becher runter.\n')
('Rob Wittmann', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDruckknopf ist wackelig, das liegt aber an der Bauweise das man es zum reinigen auseinander nehmen kann. Hält lange warm.\n')
('Kai Wöhler', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWie schon im Titel erwähnt, sollte man den Deckel schließen bevor man den Trinkbecher auf den Rücksitz legt. Da kann jetzt natürlich weder der Hersteller noch der Anbieter oder Amazon etwas dafür wenn man diesen Grundsatz nicht beachtet. Ich musste die Erfahrung erst noch machen, bzw. mein Rücksitz. Wieder etwas gelernt.Ansonsten ist das Teil echt klasse, es passt genau in den Halter in meiner Mittelkonsole, lässt sich leicht reinigen und auseinander bauen (und auch wieder zusammen), hält sehr lange warm (besser gesagt heiß), ist super stabil und wenn man den Deckel dann auch tatsächlich zu macht, kann man den Becher in der Tasche rumschleudern ohne dass etwas ausläuft (hab ich probiert)Andere Rezensionen, in denen bemängelt wurde dass Gegenstände in der Tasche den Deckel öffnen können, kann ich natürlich nachvollziehen. Wenn in der Tasche neben meinem Spaten noch ein Ersatzreifen für meinen Bagger und ein Bausatz für einen Atomsprengkopf transportiert wird, kann es unter ungünstigen Umständen zu Wechselwirkungen kommen.\n')
('CJ', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSehr guter Thermobecher, hält was er verspricht! TipTop\n')
('Mrs W.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good\n')
('Wolfgang Todte', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Produkt\n')
('Josea99', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeen using it for a month now. Great product, delivered quickly. Keeps coffee hot enough for 5-6 hours after that it is warm but still drinkable.Had an issue a couple of days where the lid had come apart, the seller was exceptionally prompt in replying and sent a video of how to resolve the issue, it now works perfectly again.Highly recommend\n')
('Stephen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks great, sleek design so easy to pop into your rucksack etc and so far completely leak free. You can drink from any point around the rim but the drink flows better from some points than others.\n')
('Ch', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt keeps my tea hot. It's easy to drink form, fits into car cupholder. And also pretty. Would buy it again. I put it in my bag a couple times and didn't leak.\n")
('C. J. Short', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nVery pleased with product highly recommended\n')
('AJC', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nVery good, keeps tea as hot as made for several hours\n')
('Andrew', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with my 720 DGREE pleasuretogo travel mug just what I was looking for\n')
('Gazz1950', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI found this product to be very good, does just what it says it will do.\n')
('Martin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nEasy to use due to the single push 360° lid. Looks great and keeps drinks really hot. I'm pretty fussy on the flavour of my coffee and this doesn't affect the taste at all.\n")
('Chris', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent buy.  I drink my hot coffee/tea very slowly.  Today I put tea in at 7.00 am and was still hot by 6.00 pm.. Best buy for sure..\n')
('Charlotte H. ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly used twice so far but so easy to hold, open to drink from and clean.No leaks or spills do and my tea is staying hot.\n')
('suzanne wood', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust perfect\n')
('NICK MAUDSLEY', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use this product for every day use and for also when i go hiking. Excellent product\n')
('jessica walden', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHolds the heat all day! Really pleased.\n')
('I. Cummings', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought for travel to and from work. Nice and slim so fits easily in my bag. Not heavy either even when full as previous ones have been. Doesn't leak, easy to clean. Overall very pleased with my purchase.\n")
('Bienchen33', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermosbecher war ein Geschenk an einen Freund. Ich habe mich für 720 Degree entschieden, weil ich selbst ein Produkt von der Marke besitze und sehr zufrieden damit bin. Ich hatte öfter Probleme mit auslaufenden Getränken, aber hier noch nicht. Nach einem Feedback besagten Freunds hält der Thermosbecher was er verspricht, er ist auslaufsicher und hält heiß. Zudem habe ich ihn als Geschenk gewählt, weil ich ihn sehr stylisch finde.\n')
('L. Coleman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent flask! It’s never leaked and it keeps drinks hot for hours! I’ve bought 3 for my family, husband finds the push top great to use\n')
('NC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe he preparado la bebida muy caliente a las 20h. Justo dónde se tocan el plástico y el metal, se ha calentado (nada exagerado, notaba calentito) el resto del termo frio. Hasta aquí bien.Lo he sacado ahora, sobre las 00:30, la parte que antes estaba caliente, estaba fria, así que he pensado que lo de dentro estaría templado. Me he quemado la lengua. Este cacharro mantiene el calor temperatura lava fresquita durante horas. Una maravilla.Es estanco, pero hay que cerrarlo bien.\n')
('donald anthony young', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good keep cup.  Secure sealing and keeps contents hot for a long time. Easy to hold and use by drinking from any side.\n')
('Tsetse', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this for work.It keeps cool drinks long time, hot drinks not so.What I don't like that much is the closing mechanism on the lid- you can't always tell at a glance if it's open or closed.The major issue for me is the design- as it is a big mug and one naturally handles  the top of the mug.You then drink from there.Not very hygienic especially in my case ,working in a hospital.I will try one of the other bottles with sports type lid as it is well made.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider überzeugt mich der Deckel des Bechers nicht komplett. Dicht ist er zwar, aber die Kante ist ziemlich scharf und wirkt nicht gut verarbeitet. Der Rest des Bechers ist sauber verarbeitet, aber der Deckel stört extrem. Schade\n')
('Donata', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought three of these as Christmas presents.  All great colours and excellent quality.  However, I've been told that whilst they are easy to clean, the contents sometime gather in certain parts which aren't easily cleaned.  Apart from that, I think they are a great product.\n")
('Burkhard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Ware,  hält was es verspricht\n')
('Manuel Giacometti', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIve only used this for drinking tea and coffee and it does a really good job of keeping the contents hot. In fact if you want to drink it on your commute I suggest you add some cold water otherwise it will just be too hot even 2 hours after you make it.Its well made and seem s so far to be leak proof.Downside for me is I dont really like drinking from the lid. As your mouth doesnt make a proper seal around it (unlike a costa take out cup)  its easy to get tea down your chin.Mixed feelings.\n')
('rossi', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach langem Hin und Her habe ich mich für den 720degree Cafébecher entschieden, da von der Füllmenge sowie Optik dieser mir am meisten zugesagt hat. Der Becher ist täglich in Benutzung und hält sehr gut über einem langen Zeitraum warm.Leider ist mir nach 2 Monaten intensiver Nutzung der Deckel so ungünstig auf den Boden gefallen, dass das Teil im Deckel, welches für den Verschluss zuständig ist, gebrochen ist. Somit konnte der Cafébecher nichtmehr genutzt werden, da er sich nicht dauerhaft öffnen ließ. Habe mein Glück dann direkt beim Kundenservice von 720degree (Kaave UG) versucht und prompt eine Antwort bekommen und innerhalb weniger Werktage das Ersatzteil kostenlos zugeschickt bekommen. Was soll ich sagen...Der Becher macht genau das was er machen soll und zuvor auch konnte, mich täglich mit warmem Café zu versorgen!\n')
('Jörg R. ', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDas Team hat in Punkto Styling ihrer Produkte 11 von 10 Sternen verdient. Als großer Fan der 1l Trinkflaschen hab ich mir nun den Becher to Go für den Kaffee unterwegs gegönnt. Nicht grad günstig- aber es lohnt sich!Dankeschön 💪🏼\n')
('Jonas D', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOptisch und funktionell super!!!!\n')
('Lorraine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWorks perfectly & I have had various flasks over 20 years.  Very impressed with the efficiency of maintaining heat over time.\n')
('Mrs baggins', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBon produit\n')
('Carla Kent', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have had my mug for over a year and love it completely. I have recently found some beautiful little tea cups and have found the ideal method for me is to put a little tea into the cup and drink it from there, hence the photo.  That way, it’s still hot and I can get through the mugful without hurting my mouth.  This is not a criticism, the mug is so efficient it keeps the drink very hot for hours, down to the very last sip. I’ve also gone out on cold days and sipped hot tea from the mug for hours and hours. It’s great that you can drink from anywhere on the rim, instead of searching for the right place. I’ve had no trouble with leaks, though I mostly use it at home. Anyone with a young family or who, like me, forgets they have a cup of tea waiting for them would benefit from having one of these. You can forget for hours or doze off in your chair and the drink is still hot when you come back to it.Taking it apart to clean it is very easy too.I can’t fault this mug.\n')
('Atlan_01', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles war gut; leider geht die Oberfläche nach nur 2 Monaten weg.\n')
('Sabine', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\ntiptop, hält sehr lange heiß, Becher liegt gut in der Hand, sehr praktischer Trinkverschluß\n')
('andrew wymer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have used this travel mug every day since it was delivered and I am very pleased with it. Most importantly it keeps drinks hot, there's no leakage and it's easy to clean. Very satisfied.\n")
('caroline gourley', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel cup...easy to drink out of easy to carry..looks good too.And speedy delivery.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIm Gegensatz zu meinem bisherigen Thermobecher eines anderen Herstellers bleibt mein Kaffee lange warm.Dazu ist das Erscheinungsbild wesentlich eleganter und schlanker - passt problemlos in das Flaschenfach meinees Rucksackes. Die Reinigung ist ebenfalls sehr einfach, der Deckel ohne großen Aufwand zerlegbar.\n')
('Mrs M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat buy\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent keep drink hot for a very long time.\n')
('Christian Behme', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin total happy mit dem Becher :-)\n')
('R Francis', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese cups are expensive but they are far better than the cheaper versionsYou drink will stay red hot for hoursWell made and great design\n')
('wea53wes', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nExcellent\n')
('Livzrawr', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad the mug for a couple of weeks now so it’s been well tested. Really happy with it. Keeps my tea piping hot for a good long time. No leaks even when it’s bounced around in my pocket during walks. Money well spent. Would highly recommend.\n')
('Tony H. ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis very stylish and practical travel mug. It keep Coffee /tea very hot and easy to open, just one click on to open , click to close.\n')
('Llamaqueen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this as a little gift for my husband. He has been using it now for a couple of weeks & is very happy with it. He says it keeps his tea hot all morning (makes it about 6:30am & if not drunk by midday will dispose of but it’s still warm). Doesn’t leek either, not tipped over as such but it doesn’t leek. He thoroughly recommends this cup.\n')
('Pen Name', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally pleased with this. As I’m quite elderly and have arthritic hands, this is a joy. No fiddly opening just a simple press and no having to manoeuvre it to a single spot to drink from. I’ve had to ask my partner to not make my coffee too hot or I can’t drink it for ages. There was a drop left and I picked it up 5 hours later and it was still hot.\n')
('tracey young', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat grip and quality. Keeps warm for ages!\n')
('Laura Chambers', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought my OH the grey mug for xmas and he loves it.. Keeps his coffee hot aaaall day when on the road.. I decided to finally treat myself to one for starting a new job next month, and although im pretty gutted at the colour not being Ultra Violet as advertised, (I had been so excited to find this colour) it is still a great mug and the plum colour is still nice, just not expected. Please change the advertisement to a true colour likeness 😊.. Will defo buy more of these for winter in other shades\n')
('cheryl j reynolds', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect. best travel mug I have ever used.\n')
('Christine Heinrich', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Becher ist handlich, passt in die Autohalter und hält wirklich lange warm. Damit das Getränk nicht zu heiß zum Trinken bleibt, bereite ich mir den Tee rechtzeitig zu, um den Becher vor dem Losfahren zunächst offen stehen zu lassen damit der Tee abkühlen und gleich getrunken werden kann.Der Tee wird tatsächlich den ganzen Tag warm gehalten und das finde ich super. Er hält was versprochen wird\n')
('Bill Gordon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't leak\n")
('Evangeline Don', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's quite hot when you have just made it, be that coffee or tea but it stays hit for I'd say three to four hours top but I must say do not over fill it because it will spill.\n")
('Elli', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hab den Thermobecher im Juli 2018 bestellt. Anfangs war ich mega begeistert, hält er die Getränke doch wirklich sehr lange warm! Der um 5 Uhr morgens gebrühte Kaffee war selbst abends gegen 18 Uhr noch lauwarm, dass hat bisher kein anderer Becher geschafft! Ich habe den Becher eher selten in Gebrauch (an einigen Wochenenden im Jahr, wenn ich auf Veranstaltungen unterwegs bin. Letztes Wochenende war es wieder soweit. Ich mach den Kaffee fertig, spüle den Becher nochmal und als ich los will, stelle ich fest der "Drücker" vom Deckel funktioniert nicht mehr, lässt sich also nicht mehr schliessen. Dafür das ich ihn wenig genutzt habe und der Becher nicht sooo billig war, bin ich doch sehr enttäuscht.Nachtrag: ich habe die Firma wegen des Problems angeschrieben und bekam super schnell eine Antwort. Der Deckel ließe sich in 3 Teilen auseinander nehmen. Das habe ich getan und voila, ich konnte gleich die Dichtgummis reinigen und der Verschlußmechanismus funktioniert wieder einwandfrei! Deshalb 5 Sterne für einen wirklich fantastischen Thermobecher und einen tollen Kundenservice!\n')
('Jemma', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot leak proof. Constant dripping even when closed. Not suitable for my work commute in the bag.Looks better than it’s functionality\n')
('Sarah B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMeine Nichte ist von der Optik und der Funktionalität sehr begeistert.\n')
('Fionn E', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMain observations:It's so good at keeping your drink warm that it might scald you - watch your tongue!It's not 100% leak proof but will withstand being knocked over and being picked up several seconds later, without a leak.It's super easy to clean because the lid comes apart.Overall it's the best travel mug that I have had and when other people see it they get envious.\n")
('Mrgreg83 ', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nReally good, keeps your drink hot for ages made a coffee at 8am and still hot by 13:00pm definitely worth the money.\n')
('Stuart', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best thermal mug I have ever purchased so much so this is my second one as it keeps the drink so hot I take two on a 12 mile walk and the second is still hot enough to drink at the end some 6 hours after it was made (This includes travelling to the walk start points)\n')
('currylover', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazed by this product, keeps drinks hot for hours\n')
('Melanie Malkewitz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch nutze den Thermobecher seit zwei Wochen täglich und bin super begeistert. Zuerst hatte ich Sorgen, dass das Trinken vor allem beim Autofahren ein großes Problem darstellt, da man an jeder Seite zum Trinken ansetzen kann. Nach mehrfacher Nutzung kann ich jedoch bestätigen: dem ist nicht so. Das Trinken funktioniert auch unterwegs fantastisch. Er passt zudem perfekt in die Kaffeehalterung im Auto und ist sehr praktisch und handlich. Außerdem hält er, im Vergleich zu ähnlichen Produkten, vergleichsweise lange warm. Ich habe mal zwei Stunden lang den Becher im Auto stehen lassen und der Kaffee war danach noch angenehm warm. Ein absoluter Glücksgriff. Ich freue mich sehr über diesen Einkauf und kann den Becher wärmstens weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Diddi', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir haben die Becher nun seit 2 Monaten im Einsatz und sind von der Funktion des Bechers begeistert.Bei dem Preis hatte ich jedoch erwartet, dass die Farbe nicht so schnell abplatzt. Könnte ich hierfür eine Bewertung abgeben wären das klare 0 Punkte\n')
('Guzzzlinggilbert', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest on the market and I’ve tried some.\n')
('Régis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCet article ne répond pas à mon besoin car généralement j'en ai besoin quand je sais que je n'aurais pas accès à une cafetière. Par habitude, je lis les recommandations des articles que je commande et il était indiqué qu'il ne fallait pas le transporter dans un sac.Et c'est vrai ! Le couvercle ne supporte pas la pression de la boisson chaude et le café ressort sans prévenir. C'est un défaut de conception majeur de mon point de vue.C'est le premier mug que je ne peux pas transporter dans mon sac. Ce produit ne sert à rien et rien dans la fiche n'indique cette limite !Je déconseille fermement en raison de ce point.\n")
('NK', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am so impressed with this,  i filled it with tea at 6 am one morning for a training course and couldnt drink the tea before the start of it due to it being still to hot  however by the time i came out at 5pm the tea was still hot and at the temp i like to drink it,  i put the cup in the freezer yesterday  because this heat just now is unbeareable and the water is still icy cold just now 11 hours  later  ive been told to buy another for my fiance  i give this product 90 out of 5 stars\n')
('Zanika Mahmud', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug, doesn’t leak, keeps drinks hot for hours and you can clean the top bits in the dishwasher. Definitely recommend\n')
('physioanni', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch finde den Becher zwar toll, jedoch ist er zu groß um unter den Automaten zu passen. Die Drucköffnung spinnt manchmal, aber sonst im Großen und Ganzen ganz in Ordnung. Würde ich es nochmal kaufen? Eher nicht.\n')
('Cath', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEsteticamente molto bella ma non solo..anche capovolta non esce neanche una goccia di liquido (incredibile). Prima dell’uso non serve scaldarla con acqua bollente: portata a lavoro ha mantenuto il calore per più di otto ore.. magnifica e sorprendente, non credo si possa trovare di meglio. Consigliatissima!\n')
('Monty', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery pleased\n')
('Avril', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the muts nuts of cups! Put ice in it, leave it on the beach for hours in the blazing sun and you will still have ice! 🥶❄️The warning comes when you put a hot beverage in it.... You need to fill your cup at a drinkable temperature! Lol first time I filled it with coffee and 5 hours later it was still boiling! 🔥It's truly an exceptional cup.The only thing I would say though is if you try and drink hot liquids quickly it does tend to burn the corners of your top lip as you can drink from any angle so it will flow up the sides. But that hasn't put me off in the slightest. It's a fantastic cup and I would recommend it.\n")
('Em', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use - may be a bit harder to drink from that some other stylers but keeps the coffee hot\n')
('Goody88', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug ever\n')
('alexandra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this for my husband he is very pleased with it, our son recommended it, I have also ordered one for myself. 👍🏻\n')
('Mrs L A Gibson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have been using Contigo Travel cups for years now because I know they last, don't leak and stay hot for hours. I was skeptical when reading the product description for the 720 dgree mug, I was pleasantly surprised, Not only does it look stylish, my coffee stayed hot for 4 hours in the work van, Didn't leak when it was rolling about on the dash board and compared to the Contigo the easy screw disassembly to clean the product is brilliant. After a couple of months with a Contigo they never seem to clean through and you can always taste coffee regardless of the beverage you have in the mug.I haven't had the mug long enough to see if this is different with the 720 dgree mug but I have high hopes. I would recommend this product based on my first impressions and if you have had Contigos in the past I would recommend giving this product a shot, you may be as surprised as I am.\n")
('P', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nman kann recht viel auseinander nehmen, aber wehe man vergisst am nächsten tag wie das ging! dann dauert es ewig alles zusammen zu puzzeln\n')
('Gtuk', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot\n')
('Marjon Pigney', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuick delivery! The best travel mug that I have ever had. Beautiful colours to choose from too. We were so impressed with it, my daughter bought one too.\n')
('G.Oliver', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like\n')
('Moni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks great functions great stays warm and leak proof\n')
('Artzur', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI needed to replace a 10 yr old Dewalt travel mug.Went with 720, mainly for the looks and double walled insulation.On the first morning with my new mug, made my morning coffee as per normal, in my new 720 mug and.....Couldn't drink it!This travel mug did such a great job at keeping it hot, it stayed too hot for the entire 90 min commute into work.Changed habit for day 2 and I now make the coffee when i get up, knowing it'll be good for the commute later on.The push lid is simple to operate, allowing you to drink from any 'side' - open & closing with one hand, great for when you're driving.I also like the fact that the lid disassembles for easier cleaning and you can buy spare lids.Mug itself is long, so requires a bottle brush to clean properly or you can leave it to soak.Love the colour, waiting for a burnt orange shade to be released.Overall - would recommend to anyone & everyone.\n")
('M. Beier', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher von 720°DEGREE sieht nicht nur schön aus und ist schlank, sondern ist auch dicht. Außerdem bleibt z.B. Tee darin über mehrere Stunden (auch im kalten Auto) heiß. Bei meinem Becher hat leider der Öffnen/Schließmechanismus nach einem halben Jahr nicht mehr einwandfrei funktioniert, nach einer kurzen Mail an den Verkäufer habe ich aber sofort kostenfrei einen neuen Deckel zugesandt  bekommen. Jetzt ist der Becher wieder voll einsatzbereit.Zusammengefasst: dicht, lang warm und super Service!\n')
('Bob', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFantastic cup so far, only had it a month but it does the job well. Lightweight and easy to clean. The lid comes apart into three diffrent sections by simply unscrewing it then srew it all back together once clean.The cup kept my tea hot for at least 4 hrs, i left it in my car and when i came back to it I expected it to be luke warm at best. As it turned out, as I took a large gulp, it was still very much hot! So as far as travel mugs go its definitely a winner.As far as I've used it, it has remained leak proof, although I've kept it upright. So what it is like after being slung into a bag I have no idea.All in all ,after a LOT of research this mug beat the rest hands down, and has blown most of the big brand cups I've used in the past out of the water.I fully recommended this cup.\n")
('A.Walker', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic travel cup, which has yet to let me down.As a HGV driver it gets used daily, thrown into my bag, then into the lorry. It has never leaked and hasn’t got a mark on it. The other reviews which mention the coating coming off must be throwing theirs against the wall. The lid is perfect with the 360 spout, and the cup is very comfortable to hold. A very easy 5 stars from me.\n')
('Silas Strucker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchöner Becher, sehr zufrieden gerne wieder\n')
('Nadja Hüther', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher und wirklich wichtig...er läuft nicht aus, hält lange warm und sieht gut aus.\n')
('Hardwaretester', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Qualität ist super,Hält es die wärme lang , als auch die kälte, was sehr praktisch bei reisen oder Unterwegs.Außerdem haben sie eine nette Service, und ihnen ist wichtig , die Zufriedenheit von den Kunden... Top Produkt 💪🏻\n')
('mr a bostan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product, keeps hot drinks hot for hours\n')
('Foad F.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with this cup. Much better than many of the other leading brands! Keeps my coffee hot for hours and also can roll about the car without spilling!\n')
('Dieleman Dirk', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhält lange warm, läuft nicht aus, sieht gut aus\n')
('Grahame Harle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent slimline coffee travel mug which retains heat very well and has a large capacity. Be aware that pressing the top down unlocks it which can be slightly confusing.\n')
('Stefanie Menzlin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut verarbeitet und optisch auch schön\n')
('Cathal Mc Glinchey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this item keeps the drinks hot most of the day be very safe. I’ve even brought three of my friends one each as a pressie\n')
('Mohamed Eweis', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLack ist nach ca. 5 Monaten abgeblättert, Verkäufer verweigert den Umtausch, will lediglich15% des Kaufpreises zurück erstatten mit der Begründung, der Becher sei ja noch funktionsfähig\n')
('Sabrina Weise', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs ist wirklich schade. Wir haben diesen Becher gekauft, weil ich von einem anderen Produkt des Anbieters (speziell der Isolierung) überaus angetan bin und dieses als Wasserflasche im Sommer viel nutze. Der Kaffee aus diesem Becher bleibt auch wirklich lange heiß. Dafür gibt\'s volle Punktzahl. Auch das Design finden wir sehr ansprechend. Auch hierfür volle Punktzahl. Er lässt sich super reinigen. Volle Punktzahl. Aber, und das ist zumindest für uns das K.O.-Kriterium, der Deckel ist die absolute Katastrophe. Sieht schön aus, "verkantet" aber beim Öffnen und lässt sich dann nur schließen, wenn man ihn abschraubt und von unten dagegen drückt. Das macht sich natürlich gerade im Auto ganz super. Und ehe jetzt die übliche Antwort kommt, die man den vielen anderen Rezensionen diesbezüglich entnehmen kann: ja, wir haben den Deckel auseinander geschraubt. Mehrfach. Dann geht es wieder ein paar Mal und dann beginnt das Problem von vorn. Es ist wirklich schade. Ansonsten wäre er nämlich wirklich der perfekte Begleiter.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGrey looks brown. Outside material easily scrached/peelable.Keeps slightly warm for 4/5hrs.Leaked in my bag (which had laptop and key documents). Item comes with warning of to ensure the top sippy part is closed (I ensured this) and warns not to stack items on top as it could press the sippy part open (area was kept clear) yet somehow it popped open now there's 500mL of coffee all over my bag and car seat. Soaked.Will never buy again.\n")
('Dr Kim Knowles', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe entire outer lining has come off after using the bottle for just a few weeks.  Would not recommend!\n')
('tHää', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWenn man Kaffee daraus trinkt riecht der Deckel nach Kaffee und das geht nicht wieder raus. Mich stört es nicht weil ich trinke daraus nur Kaffee. Hält gut warm. Ist Praktisch. Von allen Seiten trinkbar. Farbe hält gut (hatte dieses lilane). Ich bin auf jeden Fall zufrieden. Habe es auch in die Spülmaschine getan und es ist nichts kaputt gegangen.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Ich habe den Becher am Anfang des Jahres (17.01) gekauft und bin auch eigl. sehr zufrieden.Nur erwartet man, das dieser Becher länger als 9Monate hält. Zumindest für den Preis.\n')
('Merve', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps my coffee hot for hours …. I’m buying more of them for Xmas gifts 🎁\n')
('adk', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles bestens!\n')
('orison', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest coffee cup on the market bar none.Excellent heat retention and made of quality materials that will last.\n')
('Antonio', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drink hot for hrs. I actually have to put cold water in my coffee to be able to drink it within the first few hrs. Any mug I had before would cool down enough to dink in the first few hrs. Its then still hot enough to drink for my full 12 hr shift work.\n')
('Rach', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGerman Quality is Always Excellency for their Customers.Kind Regards,Daniel L.G. from King's Lynn, UK\n")
('sheila Payne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTried a lot of other brand but this is the one to get as it kept my coffee hot hot hot even after 5 hours and really leakproof as it advertised. The only con is, there is no handle and i drop it couple of times and dented and it is now wobbly. Recommended to 2 of my colleagues too and they are loving it. Thank you for the great product.\n')
('Elke Jöst', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFür Café und auch für kalte Getränke\n')
('Bahriye Güngör', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolater Mist, Deckel funktioniert nach 10 malger Nutzung nicht mehr\n')
('Bridget Elinson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this to use on the golf course and it still had hot coffee contained within it even when I got to the 15th hole (about 4 hours after I had made it!)\n')
('Kerstin Stoye', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält sehr lange war und ist zu 100 % auslaufsicher.\n')
('Anjue', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ist er nicht auslaufsicher.  Leicht umgedreht, schon lief der Kaffee seitlich raus. Wärmeleistung lässt auch zu wünschen übrig.  Die Stunden, die in der Beschreibung angegeben sind, stimmen mit der Realität nicht überein. Optisch ein Hingucker,  aber das ist auch alles an positiven Merkmale leider. Schade\n')
('Anna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer toll der Thermobecher ist echt super\n')
('stuart turk', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDrinks remain hot for hoursMy son takes it to work with him when he comes home it’s still piping hot after a working day\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEigentlich ein toller Becher, die ersten zwei Male benutzen war ich super begeistert. Er hält sehr lange warm und liegt gut in der Hand. Allerdings lässt sich nun der Druck-Deckel nach 2 mal benutzen nicht mehr schließen. Ich drücke ihn nach unten für „offen“ und leider geht er dann nicht mehr zu verschließen, der Druck-Deckel kommt nicht mehr hoch. Ging nur zu beheben durch abschrauben des kompletten Deckels, was unterwegs äußerst unpraktisch ist. Sehr schade, ich habe einige andere Artikel der Marke und war bisher immer sehr zufrieden. Diesmal leider nicht.\n')
('Christian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir haben schon einige Becher ausprobiert. Dieser ist der Beste ever :-))\n')
('becs', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe cup is amazing and keeps the drink piping hot even after 6 hours. I am a coffee drinker and just recently found out about this cup on Amazon. A good quality product, no doubt. I have given lock feature 4 out of 5 because 95 times out of hundred it works fine but sometimes it sticks a bit so I just click it a couple of times and it's working again. Overall, I liked the product and will definitely recommend it to friends.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMein Kaffee bleibt wirklich lange heiß! Tol!!\n')
('Jl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEntspricht meine Vorstellung danke\n')
('Brums', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFantastic travel cup! Definitely keeps drinks piping hot for aaaages, so if you don't want your drink for a few hours it's great, if you'd like it on the go quick I suggest adding your drink at the perfect temperature to you as this keeps the drink the same temperature for a long time (not knocking it in any way, it's truly brilliant!)Easy grip, easy sip, no spill, hot or cold drinks ALL throughout the day! Seriously recommend\n")
('K M Nicholson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nbest travel mug I have bought I do a lot of driving and never without a hot dink even after 3/4 hours so good I have bought one for my wife Amazing product\n')
('Jani', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSmart looking and very effective.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nExcellent heat retaining. My experience is that the leakproof claims are correct.\n')
('Mark Scharffetter', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper\n')
('marpaj', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer Becher ist hochwertig und hält was er verspricht. Der Preis hat sich gelohnt. Wenn er jetzt noch langlebig ist, was man nach 4 Wochen leider noch nicht beurteilen kann, kann man ihn zu 100% weiter empfehlen.\n')
('Javier Mauricio Franco Donneys', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir haben einen Artikel erworben und freuen uns über Design und Verwendung für Unterwegs. Mfg\n')
('Antje Mundt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält absolut was er verspricht, super Qualität! Schon zum 2. Mal gekauft, immer wieder gerne!!Wird täglich auf der Arbeit( draußen) genutzt!\n')
('Steven King', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuite possibly the best thing I own.  Keeps my coffee hot for hours and I mean HOURS!  Brilliant.  Highly recommended.\n')
('Karl-Heinz M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeim ersten Becher war der "Dichtungsträger" dermaßen verformt  (siehe Bild), dass die an ihm angebrachte Dichtung im geschlossenen Zustand nicht komplett auf der Dichtfläche des "Deckelgehäuses" auflag und der Becher somit Flüssigkeit verlor.Der zweite Becher hatte eine "Macke" in Form einer kleinen Einkerbung auf der Dichtfläche. In diese Vertiefung konnte sich die Dichtung nicht hineindrücken, weshalb auch dieser Flüssigkeit verlor.Da ich keine Lust auf eine weitere Runde Qualitätssicherungs-Roulett hatte, habe ich die Dichtfläche kurzer Hand mit sehr feinem Schleifpapier bearbeitet, die Macke entfernt und eine glatte Dichtfläche hergestellt. Nun ist der Becher 100% dicht.Zwei von zwei Bechern waren im Auslieferungszustand nicht Auslaufsicher.\n')
('Linda Kittel-Flatterich', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher wird seinem Nutzen gerecht. Er hält sehr gut warm - auch über längere Zeit. Ich habe ihn für‘s Autofahren gekauft. In die Becherhalterung eines VW Polo passt er gut rein.Das Design gefällt mir gut.Was mir nicht ganz gefällt ist die Eindrückfunktion am Deckel des Bechers. Hier wird nämlich die komplette Fläche eingedrückt. Bei heiß befülltem Becher ist diese sehr schwergängig. Auch sonst macht sie einen eher unstabilen Eindruck, funktioniert soweit aber.Mir würde eine kleinere Fläche zum Eindrücken besser gefallen. Da wäre auch das Trinken angenehmer.Wer auf die 720 Dgree Sachen steht, macht mit dem Kauf trotzdem nichts falsch.\n')
('Heiti', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '')
('A. B. Cain', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought for my son to use on way to work. Had a trial run with hot water prior to use. Water was still extremely hot 4 hours after filling, whilst still cool to hold.  The blue colour is really lovely and was well received. The mug itself is quite smooth and feels a little slippy rather than having a matte finish but the grip is better than I thought and it is comfortable to hold.  I have arthritic hands and don’t always like holding cup handles so I found the design appealing. Click lid is great and so easy to use, definitely no spills. Other reviews have mentioned the mug is a bit tricky to drink from as it doesn’t have a dedicated ‘spout’ but I found it really easy. The soft base makes it quite steady on a flat surface and the narrow design means it should fit in most car drinks holders. I’m ordering another one for myself to use at work. No more cold cups of coffee sitting on my desk!\n')
('Hip hot Dog', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nI love this. It leaked the first time I used it but I just had to tighten up the vacuum system and its been amazing ever since.\n')
('Abe', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter few months and few falls..I am still enjoying the mug. I get a free point when bringing it at Costa coffee which is good when the price of drinks are getting insane. I can also fit it on my bike which is great for morning ride\n')
('V Arrowsmith', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is such a pretty, useable cup. My tea stays warm, my smoothies stay cold, it’s easy to clean and looks lovely. Very good value for money.\n')
('evekl', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEntaeuschend mein bechet oeffnet schon nach 6 monaten nicht mehr . Hoechstens 10 mal benurzt . Traurig deckel defeckt.\n')
('Kerstin Steffan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchneller Versand, tolle Flaschen. Sehr zufrieden.\n')
('p good', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy husband loves this. He happened to forget about his coffee the other day but when he remembered several hours later he was still able to enjoy it as it was still warm in the cup! No leaks as yet and very easy to drink from! Happy customers!\n')
('Debra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this mug because we were planning on going away for days with the family because of the restrictions and our Florida holiday wasn’t happening.  I used it yesterday . It was absolutely brilliant. Easy to use and drink from. Coffee was really hot . No spillage at all . Great buy.Looks good too. This is the second mug Ive purchased .\n')
('Thai Doan Duc', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have two products from them. Daily needs perfect covered.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 2x per Hand reinigen (wie vom Hersteller empfohlen) lief die Flasche im geschlossenen Zustand komplett aus. Der Schliessmechanismus funktioniert nach zweimaliger Benutzung bereits nicht mehr.Die Flasche ist bei mir leider wieder im Müll gelandet 😤\n')
('HG', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 8 bzw 12 Stunden ist der Kaffee immer noch so warm, wie eine halbvolle Tasse daheim beim Frühstück auch - also gut trinkbar (Kaffee schwarz, ohne Zucker).Umgebungstemperatur ca 15 Grad.Auslaufsicher - getestet.Man muss den Deckel nicht komplett öffnen, man kann mit leicht geöffnetem Deckel einschenken - ohne dass der Deckel abfällt.Nicht ganz so gefallen hat mir, dass die Kanne außen warm wird - solange das der Fall ist, ist der Kaffee allerdings auch wirklich noch heiß.Kaltgetränke habe ich noch getestet - jahreszeitlich bedingt bleiben die auch in anderen Gefäßen kühl.Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis ist topZumindest die 0,5 l Flasche passt wohl in jedes Seitenfach oder sogar Handtasche.UPDATE***Absolut enttäuscht plötzlich… ich hab das Artikel von Ihnen bekommen und nach dem waschen ist einfach der Lack runter gegangen… schade werde wohl noch eins kaufen müssen wo anders. :-(\n')
('beauty at home', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe best buy I've ever had. Totally leak proof and keeps them hot even after 4 hours, so careful, you might burn your tongue. It also has a rubber base so it does not slide. I totally recommend it for coffee lovers or someone who prefers hot/warm drinks even during summer. This is my 2nd item as the first one was nipped off me with permission though. And I'll buy again as a gift.\n")
('MR A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is an excellent product.  Keeps the drink properly hot for hours.  We have bought 4 now, we have one each and bought the others for presents.  We are all very happy with them. Would recommend if you like your drink kept hot or for longer than a normal travel mug.\n')
('Annick', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar erst am überlegen ob ich den Becher kaufe, ist nicht Grade günstig und einige Rezensionen sind nicht so toll. Meine Frau ist aber begeistert, liegt durch die schmale Bauform gut in der Hand und nach etwa 5,5 Stunden hatte der Kaffee ( war noch etwa halb voll ) noch eine gute Trinktemperatur.\n')
('Jasmin', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuffällig schlicht und edel, griffig schlank, hält Getränke sehr lange heiss. Schade, dass sie nicht spülmaschinengeeignet ist.\n')
('Alex S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher tut das, was er soll - hält das Getränk für Stunden auf höchster Temperatur und ist auslaufsicher. Beim ersten Verwenden führte das fast zu Verbrennungen, da der Becher den Tee auch nach 7 Stunden noch fast auf kochender Temperatur gehalten hatte, da muss man fast den Deckel abschrauben oder das Getränk vor dem Einfüllen trinkbar werden lassen. Die 360°-Option ist eine nette Variante, leider wirkt der Deckel im gedrückten (also zum Trinken geöffneten Zustand) etwas wackelig - wir werden sehen, wie lange die Funktion erhalten bleibt und dicht hält. Insgesamt ein solides Produkt.\n')
('Simbodski', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTrès beau, pratique et étanche, personnellement je ne l'ai jamais passé au lave-vaisselle (rincé après utilisation) et il est en super état, à mon avis les personnes qui présentent des fuites ont du mettre le thermos + le joint dans le lave vaisselle, ce qui n'a pas tenu\n")
('Roger Evans', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeep coffee and tea hot for a minimum of 5 hours. Make sure u let it rest for at least 5 min before closing others too hit to drink. Amazing product\n')
('Miss P L Newton', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLike\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAwesome product - so good I bought a second one for my wife\n')
('Elliolicoe', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nit works and it fits the cup holder in the car\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI use this travel mug everyday at work. Best I ever had. Fits perfectly in my car's holder, big enough to enjoy lots of coffee,leak proof and lovely colour.\n")
('Danny', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSlight more than other products but mote than makes up for it with quality and well thoughout desgin\n')
('Buchelster', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFinde den Becher HammerEr schließt und öffnet sich einfach und es geht kein Tropfen vorbei !Ein wenig Vorsicht bei sehr heißen Sachen das man sich nicht brennt ! (Logisch)Hält meiner Meinung super lange heiß, mehr als 5 Stunden !Sehr schönes Design und UmweltbewusstEmpfehle es und würde ich sofort wieder kaufen. Leicht zu reinigen und sieht sehr stylish aus\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGut\n')
('Neveen Abdalla', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTried it first with tea with milk in but just didn’t taste right so I decant into a mug when I get to work and add milk there. Keeps the tea fairly hot for a couple of hours but I would have been better off with a flask. Expensive for what it is hence the 3 stars.\n')
('Alex Z', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 6 Monaten nur, löst sich die Lackierung.\n')
('Old hand man', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood\n')
('Priestley', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a great travel mug and well worth the money in my opinion. It’s great at keeping my drinks warm for a long period of time, it’s very easy to clean and doesn’t have a funny taste like other travel mugs do. Love how many colour options there are too. Would definitely recommend.\n')
('Veronica', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is a great product but I did burn my tongue from not realising or knowing the functionality to cool my drink.\n')
('Champ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider nach kurzer Zeit undicht.\n')
('Gemma', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter extensive research for a travel mug that was environment friendly and that would keep drinks warm enough for a number of hours, I went for the 720 DGREE mug. Not only is it stylish (love the sapphire blue) and not your run of the mill travel cup you see everywhere, it truly keeps your drink warm (to the extent that I burnt my tongue with tea I had made two hours earlier 😂). It is also easy to take apart, clean and put back together. It fits perfectly in the drink holder in my car. Basically it’s become my best buddy - I take it everywhere! Highly recommended!!\n')
('leonard audrey', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin sehr zufrieden!\n')
('KVHBL20', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo far so good,  I have only used it twice. Totally leakproof and kept my tea hot for 6 hours. A couple of times I soaked myself drinking from it - but I think that is my use and not the mugs! So easy to clean.\n')
('Natascha A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist durch seine schlanke Form optisch ansprechend und gut zu verstauen. Was ihn jedoch besonders auszeichnet ist seine hohe Isolierfähigkeit. Im Vergleich zu anderen Thermobechern : Am morgen heiß eingefüllter Kaffee ist hier auch nach etlichen Stunden noch wirklich heiß!!Der Verschluß ist etwas anfällig und verlangt sorgfältige Behandlung/Reinigung. Nach dem Verschließen empfiehlt sich eine "Schüttelprobe" ob er auch wirklich dicht ist.\n')
('Rubi Siva', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps warm all day\n')
('Ashleigh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA great product, keeps drinks hot for a long time without any leaking and the click open/close lid makes is so easy to drink.\n')
('Jeff Bawden', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon produit. Simple à utiliser. Il garde bien la chaleur du café.\n')
('ali', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nI was looking for a flask with 3 requirements: (1) it doesn't get coffee on my nose when I drink it (i.e. it mustn't have a flip top lid) (2) it does not leak, and (3) it keeps the coffee hot. This flask is the only one I've used that meets them all. My family has owned several brands of flask including Bodum, Starbucks, Thermos etc. They have all failed to meet all of my requirements. This one is head and shoulders above the rest. It's well made and worth every penny spent. It's constructed really well. Buy it. You wont be disappointed.\n")
('Hillside Home', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my tea warm for hours and is so unique conpared to colleagues cups they always know whos locker to pop it on\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks trendy. Really does keep drinks hot. Washes well.\n')
('C L', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAn excellent thermal flask. I ordered my husband one for Christmas and he was so happy with it keeping his drink warm for at least eight hours while he was on the road that he kept telling me to get one too and I must say I’m not disappointed with mine, so much so that I’m thinking of ordering another one for my sister in law!\n')
('James Mitchell "knee"', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this cup! It’s easy to clean, and keeps coffee hot and the outside stays cool. The colour is also really lovely. Can’t wait to use it some more.\n')
('Victoria', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nsleek design but broke very very quickly and had to return it within days\n')
('Bekky F.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSie ist auslaufsicher und hält sehr lang die Wärme\n')
('Julian Bock', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n5h heißer Kaffee ist Garantiert\n')
('0000', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean as the lid comes apart and kept hot till my lunch time 😀\n')
('U.Inci', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist super\n')
('Peter John spreckley', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSleek, chic and doesn't leek. Keeps liquids hot for hours and is easy to clean. Looks good, really comfortable to hold and has a bit of rubber on the bottom which makes it more stable and stops it from sliding around.\n")
('Fiona Murphy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHaving taken a long time choosing and researching travel / hot mugs, I am so pleased with my choice of the 720 DGREE  450ml. It's sleek, fits my car and most importantly it is keeping my drinks hot all day not just a couple of hours. Plus now I can fill up at a coffee shop and not have a take away cup.\n")
('Stephanie Llewellyn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBigger than I thought\n')
('Tarun Aggarwal', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStays hot longer than any other mug I have used\n')
('MichaelM', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have had a lot of travel mugs as I have an hour commute too and from work this is but far the best I have ever had people think that £20 is expensive in my eyes this is a £20 well spent\n')
('Domas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant, especially the one click open and close to drink lid.\n')
('Dolores Morales', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign ist optisch ansprechend,  dicht, hält einige Stunden die Wärme.Ich muss leider Punkte abziehen.  Ich benutze den Becher für meinen morgendlichen Milchkaffee... durch den dreiteiligen Deckel mit hundert Rillen, Rädern und Ösen bildet es eine große Fläche zur Schimmelbildung.\n')
('karl doughty', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice cup stays hot\n')
('Mr R Babbage', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSleek modern design. Fantastic customer service\n')
('49ers', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAs described, does not leak\n')
('Stuart ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas a birthday present for my son...and he seems really pleased with it\n')
('Des O', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest cup I’ve ever had. Stays hot for hours.\n')
('w.chinwadzimba', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this for my wife as her old one (different manufacturer) leaked and failed to keep warm. This one does not leak, and keeps the drink VERY hot (beware). In fact if you wish to drink within two hours you may need to remove the lid for it to cool!!\n')
('Maximilian', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEin Toller Becher Ich Lauf den ganzen Tag mit 720°durch die Welt!!!!!\n')
('Isabella', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr elegantes System, vor allem gefällt mir die problemlose Reinigung. Der Deckel lässt sich zerlegen, sodass wirklich alles sauber wirdSchlanke OptikAuch heiß bleiben die Getränke sehr lange.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den Thermobecher zum Zeitpunkt dieser Rezession seit drei Monaten. Ich benutze ihn durchschnittlich an drei Tagen pro Woche, dh ich nehme ihn in der Tasche mit zum Kunden. In der Tasche sind keine scharfkantigen Gegenstände, trotzdem weist der Lack Abschürfungen auf.Das finde ich sehr bedauerlich, da ich den Thermobecher wirklich sehr formschön finde. Auch im Hinblick auf die Funktion ist nichts zu beanstanden.\n')
('Katy Gill', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was looking for a travel mug that fitted into the narrow cup holder in my car and was big enough to fit a 450ml medium sized coffee into & this mug achieves both of these.  It's also excellent for opening and closing whilst on the move without faffing about & is easy to drink from without spilling the contents.  I would definitely recommend this as a puchase.  Looks nice too!\n")
('Dave Harmer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use this daily to carry and drink my hot drinks from.  It’s very lightweight and easy to clean.  Fits easily in cup holder on pushchair and in car. Is nice and slim and very comfortable to hold and drink from. Doesn’t spit out hot drink as you open it either, like most cups.\n')
('Joyce', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best!\n')
('Guido M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist vollkommen dicht, hält den Kaffee oder Tee ewig warm und sieht zudem auch noch gut aus!\n')
('Jane Hughes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug. Kept drink hot for ages. Best thermos mug I’ve ever bought. Highly recommend.\n')
('Brian', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is great. No leaks keeps the coffee piping for hours.  Bought a coffee from a popular coffee chain at lunch and was still warm on my journey home after a busy afternoon.\n')
('Hi!', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love the colour and the sleek design\n')
('Diogenes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this. its very attractive and light ! Thank you so much. Works perfectly.\n')
('Woodie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese are great, I was surprised how hot it kept my tea for hours. Perfect for work now that the kettle is out of bounds.\n')
('Teri Holtz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am very glad I got this mug for when on the road as an LGV drive it is easy to use and alot better than my old one would highly recommend it to anyone.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst seit dem Kauf mein täglicher Begleiter im Auto! Sehr zu empfehlen!\n')
('Mrs. Annelind Hurst', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n5*****\n')
('Leonie', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nArticolo ben fatto, verniciatura resistente, dopo 6 mesi di intenso utilizzo non ci sono segni di degrado, plastica di buona fattura, il caffè rimane bollente per almeno un paio di ore. Facile da pulire e smontate ma non va in lavastoviglie\n')
('Maria dos anjos. Ventura', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought two of these for taking in the car. I had another thermal cup but it wouldn't fit in the holder in my car.They are new, but we've taken them on two days out this week. They stayed warm for the whole day and they didn't leak in the rucksack. I really like the fact that you don't have to drink from a specific 'mouthpiece', the push to open, opens the whole rim.I recommend.\n")
('Dominic B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this as doesn’t spill and fits into my cup holder. Easy to clean and store.\n')
('Lisa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch finde den echt Top. Preis Leistung stimmt. Besonderst gut finde ich das man den Deckel zulegen kann zum reinigen.\n')
('Mrs H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps your drink nice and hot for a long time\n')
('Oscar', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’m always travelling or walking with a hot drink. This is the ONLY mug in the market that keeps my drink really hot for the longest hours. Very impressed\n')
('Nadin von Pichowski', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEr hat ein wunderschönes Design, was mich schon von Anfang an überzeugt hat. Er ist aber super praktisch, mein Freund arbeitet im handwerklichen Bereich und da fliegt die Kanne teilweise mal ziemlich rum. Sie ist aber wirklich standhaft und es läuft nichts aus! Am besten gefällt es mir allerdings das man von allen Seiten trinken kann. Im Vergleich ist er etwas teurer als andere Becher, jedoch finde ich dass das elegante Design und Qualität es wert sind.\n')
('Lauren', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFinally I find a travel mug that I can knock over and doesn’t spill everywhere! Beware though you have to remember to have the top pushed either up or down to make sure it locks correctly otherwise clearly will leak LOL\n')
('steve812go', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally handy for when my partner goes to work early & leaves me a coffee to wake up to!\n')
('Breezefish', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm sure this will suffer worse, so I'm not going to the hassle of returning it, but at £21, I didnt expect it to have four dents around the bottom straight out of the box. It was wrapped in paper, so it is new, and the box offered suitable protection - it's clearly been pacakaged like this. I'd certainly think twice about buying one of these as a gift.\n")
('jaci1270 ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKaputt. Deckel lässt sich nicht mehr runterdrücken.\n')
('Jonesy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with this travel mug. Keeps drinks warm for at 4 hours.\n')
('Jonathan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTried to use my cup today and the push lid didn’t feel right ( not clicking up/down properly ) , so I unscrewed it and the lid came apart ( see photo ) and now it won’t go back together again 🙄How do I complain about this ?\n')
('Mrs Sarah Matanle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI left hot water in it overnight and it is was still hot the following day - had cooled a small bit but still hot\n')
('carl moore', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly had this flask 4 days and it started to leak. The “click” function stopped working therefore flask became unusable. Avoid.\n')
('Roland', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin Kollege hat mir eine Trinkflasche von 720°DGREE übergeholfen. Daraufhin stöberte ich in deren Produkten und stießauf diesen Thermobecher. Gesehen, gefallen, in schwarz bestellt.MEIN Becher ist dicht, und zwar 100%. Der Deckel funktioniert bislang tadellos. Sollte sich das in näherer Zukunftändern, werde ich hier darüber berichten. Chemische Reaktionen beim Reinigen und Befüllen sind mir nicht aufgefallen.Schlafen neben dem Becher ist problemlos möglich. Er streut keinerlei Licht in die nächtliche Dunkelheit und bleibtauch angenehm leise.Der Becher erfüllt voll und ganz seinen Zweck: Er hält meinen Kaffee (heiß eingefüllt), wenn nötig, über Stundenwohl temperiert - klar über lauwarm. Für mich wichtig: Selbst nach längerer Standzeit gibt es den üblichen Beigeschmackvon Thermoskannenkaffee nicht.Stand jetzt, ohne Langzeiterfahrungen: Klare Kaufempfehlung!\n')
('miss h thomson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a great travel mug! I can put boiling hot coffee in it and it's not hot too touch at all. It's also leak proof and I always put it in my bag to take with me. Highly recommend!\n")
('NIHA', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe meinen ersten Thermobecher von 720° vor über einem Jahr gekauft, weil er als Becher von Batomae mit der Feder angeboten wurde. Ich wollte nur einen Becher haben weil ich den Künstler mag. Inzwischen habe ich den dritten Becher und die zweite Kanne davon mehr als die Hälfte verschenkt. Ich finde es einfach nur klasse, wie gut die Becher isolieren und das sie im Auto ganz einfach mit einer Hand zu bedienen sind.Ich hoffe, dass der Becher noch lange hält, denn auch wenn ich dann keinen neuen benötige, werde ich ihn weiter verschenken.\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat purchase. No leaks, robust and keeps my black coffee hot for ages.\n')
('saol', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider ist der nicht gerade preiswerte Becher nicht auslaufsicher.\n')
('Deiniolen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this product. I work in a job which doesn’t allow many breaks for coffee. I have been drinking cold coffee for the past few years- making it at home 7:30am, in my travel mug which often spills en route to work. By 8:45( start time) my coffee is cold. Today was the first time I used it..... hot- very hot coffee at 8:45, at 11:00, and still at 2:30. I’m a happy gal!!!!\n')
('Holger', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Design, aber Funktion bekommt einen Stern Abzug, weil man nie richtig sieht, ob der Becher jetzt zu oder offen ist. Andere Hersteller haben das besser gelöst.Auch ist die Außenseite etwas zu glatt, es rutscht leicht aus der Hand.Dafür gibt es viele schöne Farben zur Auswahl.Der Kaffee bleibt auch sehr lange sehr heiß darin!\n')
('Tsuchan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStylish and does exactly what it should.......keeps drinks hot for hours. Well worth the money\n')
('A.S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've had it for close to a year now. At the outset, there was some trouble with leakages. However, the support lady told me to screw open the top and simply screw it back together and that did the trick! I've had to repeat that exercise several times since. Probably the pressure caused by the temperature changes loosens the different parts. But if screwing it open from time to time is enough, that's fine by me. Other than that, I like the design, the size fits into all kinds of bags, rucksacks, etc. It's the best thermos cup I've had in terms of keeping my tea hot for a looooooong time. All in all, 5 stars!\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell worth the money spent, good quality feel to the product and does what it says on the tin... Love the ease of cleaning especially where the cap can be dismantled for a thourough deep clean. Keeps my morning coffee hot for a good length of time.. Coffee made at six in the morning is still hot at 10 in the morning... Well worth paying that bit extra... 😁 ☕\n')
('Jennifer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Lieferung war sehr schnell.  Ich war sehr überrascht wie lange der Kaffee heiß geblieben ist im Vergleich zu anderen Kaffeebechern. Kann ich nur weiterempfehlen.  Jederzeit wieder.\n')
('Sunny', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolut schöne Form, griffiger Boden und eingängig bedienbarer Click-Verschluss.Hält zuverlässig für Stunden warm, wie gut der Becher kalt, habe ich nicht ausprobiert.  Meistens transportieren ich den Becher im Rucksack, einfach reinlegen - auslaufen kennt dieser Becher nicht.Der Kundenservice ist absolut Top! Ich hatte keine Mängel o.ä., dennoch wurde Wert darauf gelegt, dass ich mit dem Produkt glücklich bin. Ein "zufrieden" scheint nicht der Anspruch des Herstellers zu sein.Der Inhalt ist gut für dich, der Becher gut für das Gewissen.\n')
('Sabrina Krebs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut\n')
('chans', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keep drink warm all day ,easy to drink from, leak proof, highly recommend\n')
('Piggin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product. Keeps the coffee hot without spilling in your bag. Also looks great.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange.Reinigung einfach.Deckel schloss nicht richtig.Kundenservice hat es schnell und zuverlässig gelöst.Kundenservice ist super!\n')
('MikeKranich', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolut empfehlenswerter Thermobecher.Nach 12 Stunden hab ich mir immernoch meine Zunge verbrannt an meinem Kaffee. /auch für KaltgetränkeSchlichtes Design schwarz matt, mit weißen Firmenname.Leicht zu reinigen.\n')
('Glauser Daniel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält wirklich, wie versprochen, den Kaffee extrem lange heiß.\n')
('Jen', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nIt keeps my drink hot for much longer , I’m talking a round of golf. It is easy to use and the top comes apart for an easy clean. It is also leak proof which is handy as it always seems to turn over in my bag. It is well designed and has a modern sleek look.\n')
('Tino', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe mich für diesen Becher entschieden, da dieser für mich das beste Design hat. Die Griffigkeit ist gut gelungen, so dass dieser perfekt in der Hand liegt. Der Kaffee bleibt wirklich sehr lang im Becher heiß.\n')
('Rosy Thomson', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nExactly as described excellent\n')
('cazzymc', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter 2 hours the coffee is too hot to drink\n')
('Jack Wyatt-Burton', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop quality mug, my only wish is that it would be auto seal.\n')
('Stuart Booth-Roderick', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love the mug, however mine started peeling after 2 months and now is all silver with no cover which is a shame\n')
('D. Morris', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought it for hot drinks after cold swims, stays hot, doesn’t leak, perfect\n')
('Victoria', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good - lost it - was sad - found it again - happyCan drink out of any part of the top , rather than just have a small hole to be scalded through - which is a nice feature.\n')
('john cottingham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nbest hot cup I've ever had..drinks stay at perfect temperature..sleek design.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI used it today for golf and it was perfect. Still hot after 4 hours no leakage I’m well impressed.\n')
('Frank Schmidt', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin schwer enttäuscht.Nach nur ein paar Anwendungen hängt der Deckel(Druckknopf) somit unbrauchbar.keine Weiterempfehlung\n')
('Stefan Kahle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Kaffee bleibt mindestens 6 Stunden angenehm trinkbar warm und auch danach ist er noch lauwarm. Würde ihn immer wieder kaufen!\n')
('EleonoreKierstein', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin toller Thermobecher,der das Getränk lange warm hält. Tolle Farbe, auslaufsicher. Für den Preis super!\n')
('M. Kirkpatrick', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps anything hot or cold for hours\n')
('Tmas_ffo', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSchlechter Support, kompliziert - nach Reklamation, dass Undicht! - Das Ding löst sich nach 2 Monaten von innen schon auf!!!\n')
('Jörg Zacharias', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nnööö\n')
('Maria', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was er verspricht. Farbe hält sich mit Handwäsche sehr gut.\n')
('Toni Geier', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHatte schon viele davon, aber der Becher ist der Beste, vor allem Preis auch gut, hatte schon welche von bekannten Namen, teurer und nur Schrott, Danke Christian weiter so.\n')
('j1trad', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobeher haltet Temperatur des Getränks sehr gut. Nach 3 Stunden es ist immer noch so heiß wie kochende Wasser. Der Beher ist sehr leicht bei der Reinigung, da alle Bestandteile getrennt gespüllt werden können. Der einziger Nachteile ist das, dass ich den Bechher in meiner Tasche nicht tragren kann, weil der Teil, der mit Lippen kontektiert schmutzig wird. Aber wenn man nicht so mäkelig wie ich, dann der Becher ist exellent.\n')
('Matthew', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAwful! leaked straight away, fiddly bits in lid look a nightmare to keep clean, returned for refund as not fit for purpose.\n')
('Jasmin', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSoweit, so gut. Wenn man vergisst den Deckel per Druckknopf zu schließen, kann leider Flüssigkeit auslaufen. Muss man so wissen, trotzdem sehr gute Qualität.\n')
('Jan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is the best , it has been knocked over so many times . I thought I broke the lid as was lacking but found you just srew it back in . My coffee still warm 12 hours later\n')
('Sean F', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use very nice product\n')
('Frank', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nfür Wanderung oder eine Sitzung super geeingnet.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug,however difficult to drink from,so I take a cup with me,\n')
('Ina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 3 maligen Gebrauch und Spülmaschine blättert die Farbbeschichtung ab. Sonst ist der Becher ganz gut und es passt etwas mehr rein als in den etwas dickeren Emsa-Becher\n')
('Birthe', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher hält was er verspricht. Warme Getränke bleiben langanhaltend warm. Einziges Manko, die Farbe hat nach ca. 6 Monaten angefangen abzublättern. Ist optisch natürlich nicht so schön,funktional aber weiterhin Top! Wer mit dem Farbverlust leben kann, bekommt von mir eine klare Kaufempfehlung\n')
('sor45711', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher erfüllt seinen Zweck und ist ein absolutes Top Produkt.Unglaublich finde ich die Temperaturbeständigkeit der Getränke, nach einigen Stunden ist das Getränk immer noch heiß und es braucht extrem lange bis das Getränk lauwarm wird.. also top Produkt 👍🏻.Ich habe gelesen das welche absolut unzufrieden sind, dies kann ich nicht nachvollziehen. Man muss sich mal logisch überlegen, wenn man eine Lackierte Kanne kauft und diese verschiedene Temperaturen ausgesetzt ist, zB innen heiß und außen warm usw., dann darf man nicht traurig sein wenn der Lack abspringt. Daher nimmt man bei solchen Produkten lieber eine unlackierte Version wie zB „einfach nur“ Edelstahl, dann splittert auch nichts ab. Aber ich verstehe den Hersteller auch, den er muss diese anbieten, da es sogenannte Styler gibt die da immer Sonderwünsche/Farben haben.\n')
('Ray T.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is fantastic! It's the first travel mug that I've used that is truly leakproof.I was hesitant to buy it because of the price, but I'm so glad that I did.My only issue with it is that I've burnt my mouth twice because I wasn't expecting my coffee to still be so hot after an hour or 2. 😂\n")
('Anne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat mug. Been looking for a replacement for ages and couldn't find one which was narrow at the bottom, looked smart and kept drinks warm for several hours. The 720 covers them all.Love the way the lid comes apart for easy cleaning.\n")
('Benhammou farid', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nbrilliant hasnt leaked use all time will buy again\n')
('Katrin', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist eigendlich top, wenn die Farbe nicht abplatzen würde nach kurzer Zeit schon\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant piece of kit.  Keeps my Latte hot for ages\n')
('K', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt was quite dear compared to other ones . And it leaked wouldn't recommend it\n")
('Andrea Mehler', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVor der Anschaffung dieses Thermobechers stand bei mir auch die Frage der Warmhaltezeit der Getränke im Raum. Aussagefähige und seriöse Information suchte ich aber vergeblich. Da war von „nach mehreren Stunden noch ein warmes Getränk“ die Rede.Was heißt „mehrere Stunden“? Waren es 2 Stunden oder 10 Stunden? Was heißt es „noch ein warmes Getränk“?Was ist „warm“ für den Einzelnen? Jeder empfindet das anders. Eine Temperaturangabe wäre da klarer und aussagefähiger. Mit solchen Informationen kann natürlich niemand etwas Gescheites anfangen. In Anbetracht, dass ich im Besitz eines äußerst genauen Temperaturmessgerätes mit 1/10° Genauigkeit bin, nahm ich dann die Sache dann selber in die Hand.Bevor ich jedoch beginne, möchte ich noch ausdrücklich darauf hinweisen, sämtliche Werte basieren auf einer Umgebungstemperatur von 18°C Raumtemperatur. Der Thermobecher wurde NICHT mit heißer Flüssigkeit vorgewärmt. Das ist wichtig zu sagen, denn die Hersteller tricksen gerne damit, um bessere Ergebnisse zu erzielen.Die eingefüllte Flüssigkeit (Kaffeemaschine mit 1400 W Leistung) betrug 78,1°C.Vorhandene Temperatur nach 2 Stunden 67,4 °CVorhandene Temperatur nach 4 Stunden 59,0 °CVorhandene Temperatur nach 5 Stunden 55,6 °CVorhandene Temperatur nach 6 Stunden 52,4 °CVorhandene Temperatur nach 7 Stunden 49,2 °CVorhandene Temperatur nach 8 Stunden 46,5 °CVorhandene Temperatur nach 9 Stunden 43,0 °CFür technisch Interessierte: Nach 18 Stunden konnte ich noch eine Temperatur von 30°C feststellen. Das ist aber natürlich kein praxistauglicher Wärmewert mehr. Das geht dann auch alles nur noch in die Richtung „Alles kalter Kaffee“!Man kann also erkennen, dass in den ersten vier Stunden die Warmhaltigkeit am höchsten abfällt, und zwar um ca. 24 %. Wenn man davon ausgeht, dass eine angenehme und „gut verdauliche Trinktemperatur“ bei ca. 60° bis 65°C liegt – dann kann man das nach diesen Stunden das Getränk noch als gut heiß bezeichnen. Sie haben da nach vier Stunden also noch einen guten Genuss an Heißgetränk. Danach relativiert sich der Wärmeabfall. Wie weit, eine noch darunterliegende Temperatur als trinkange-nehm zu empfinden ist, muss ein Jeder selbst herausfinden.Gehen wir einmal davon aus, dass Sie unterwegs sind und nach mehreren Stunden absolut noch einen heißen bzw. warmen Kaffee trinken möchten, Ihre Maschine aber nicht mehr als 70°C heißes Wasser abliefern kann, dann führt kein Weg daran vorbei, den Becher vorher mit heißem Wasser vorzuwärmen.Wenn Sie sich bis jetzt alles genau betrachtet haben, so kommen Sie - ganz richtig -zum Ergebnis, dass es für die Warmhaltigkeit des Getränkes sehr entscheidend ist, mit welcher Anfangstemperatur das warmzuhaltende Getränk eingefüllt wird.Tipp am Rande: Kaufen Sie bei einer etwaigen Neuanschaffung einer Kaffeemaschine stets ein Gerät mit höherer Leistung. Unter 900 Watt Leistung würde ich auf keinen Fall gehen.Die Phantomwerte der Hersteller sind also mit großer Vorsicht zu betrachten. Sie werden jetzt fragen: Warum können die Hersteller hier nicht ein korrekteres Bild über die Geschehnisse abliefern? Tja, können schon …, aber irgendwann fängt einer an und „bietet“ Phantomwerte an, da will dann niemand zurückstehen, sonst gibt sich alles schnell den Anschein, Produkt A ist besser als Produkt B.Die Dichtigkeit des Bechers habe ich nicht geprüft. Es hat aber den Anschein, dass er dicht ist.\n')
('Penny23', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI previously bought a 720DGree flask, which is excellent, well designed and looks good. On the back of that I then tried a travel mug. It looks good, works well and doesn’t spill coffee all over me. I recently needed a replacement seal because I lost it, the customer service is first class. Highly recommended.\n')
('Benjamin Johnson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove this flask. I take it to work for several hours and my tea is still hot, it's great. Definitely worth the money. Only trouble I've had it the colour started peeling off the outside so I contacted the company and they sent me out a new one straight away, they were very helpful and great customer service. just hoping it doesn't do the same..\n")
('M. Br.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer beste Thermo Becher den wir je hatten. Das Getränk hält sehr lange heiß, ist auslauf sicher, mit nur einer Hand zu öffnen und/oder zu schließen und einfach zu reinigen, da man den Deckel sehr einfach auseinander bauen kann.Wir haben den Becher schon öfter weiter empfohlen und für Familien Mitglied bestellt. Zudem sieht der Becher sehr stylisch aus.\n')
('angela bowker', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nInsanely good at keeping heat. Made a coffee and it was still too hot to drink 4 hours later (note: make sure you let the drink cool before you lock it in). Classy design and finish.\n')
('Cat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally nice classy leakproof coffee travel mug. Ordered the green and love it!\n')
('Giulia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAbsolutely delighted with this purchase brilliant travel mug work as a track plant  operator and make my coffee at 6am in the morning and still have very hot coffee at 10am best travel mug I've had and believe me I've had dozens but this is the best by miles\n")
('lynette', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSleek looking travel mug, I like everything about it. You can hold it and open/close with one hand, and drink from any part of the rim. Keeps hot drinks really hot. The top section comes apart for cleaning and can go on the dishwasher. Don't put the bottom part in the dishwasher as the colour may come off it. A great product overall, I use it everyday now.\n")
('Laura Bonney', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt was a great travel mug for the first few months. From one day to the next, it wasn’t leak proof anymore (didn’t think that was that much of an issue though). However, the paint is now chipping/coming off.  I always hand clean it with lukewarm water, since I don’t have a dishwasher. Not very satisfied about item so wouldn’t recommend.\n')
('Chocolate', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält super dich und hält zudem lange warm! Würde ich wieder kaufen!\n')
('Christian Paulsmeier', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 1 Woche intensiven Kaffetrinkens, kann ich mich nur Positiv dazu äussern, schönes Design, komplett Auslaufsicher, lässt sich sehr einfach reinigen und sieht dazu noch super aus. Desweiteren was mir sehr gut gefällt, warum ich ich mir den Kaffeebecher gekauft hab, das 360 Grad Trinkerlebnis einfach eine Super Sache. Falls wer sich einen To Go Kaffeebecher kaufen möchte, lege ich es ihm nah, sich diesen Kaffeebecher zu kaufen.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTopp in Zeiten wie diesen unverzichtbar!\n')
('Liesa2', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIm Grunde ist der 720°DGREE Premium Thermobecher ein guter Thermobecher. Er hält warm/heiß und sieht auch sehr gut aus. Leider platzt nach dem zweiten Gebrauch die Farbe ab. Der Becher wurde nur per Hand gereinigt und kam nicht in die Spülmaschine. Das darf meiner Meinung nach nicht sein und sieht auch nicht schön aus.Schade.\n')
('Antonio Fanolla', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is now an update review, it was 5 stars that I ended up buying another but they have changed the design or something it used to keep liquid hot for hours 3-4, not doesn’t even last over 1.5 hours …. USELESS!\n')
('Michael', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best. Long time warm\n')
('jamie f', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo prodotto, mantiene a lungo il calore, bel design, soddisfattissima.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStill got it , bits of paint came off but works fine\n')
('Justin K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\naber auch bei 720 ° . Was immer die 720° zu bedeuten haben ?\n')
('immeriswas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält wirklich lange warm\n')
('D. C. Horton', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nElegante y para mí excelente validade. Hice pruebas y conserva hasta 5 hs el té caliente.\n')
('Richard S.', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nPerfect for when out and about with a coffee\n')
('Christoph', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEine schwer zu reinigende Thermoskanne.\n')
('jillybabes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product-very thermal piping hot after forgetting my drink on the kitchen taken and returning from work 4 hours later. Finally got the best travel mug there is after wasting money on the Autoseal contigo that looses all the heat in 30 mins. Very pleased\n')
('Chris Mccrudden', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHo aspettato un po\' prima di recensire questo prodotto. Consegna di Amazon come sempre efficientissima. Avevo acquistato questo termos per tenere caldo all\'occorrenza il latte per la mia bimba, purtroppo non tiene molto il calore, ma questo era risolvibile mettendo il liquido più caldo in modo da averlo alla giusta temperatura al momento del bisogno; il problema più grosso è stato che dopo solo due mesi di utilizzo (non quotidiano) il sistema a "click" del tappo si è già rotto (e lo abbiamo sempre usato con la dovuta delicatezza ci tengo a precisare), rendendo inutilizzabile il termos. È un prodotto esteticamente bello, il colore che avevo scelto davvero carino, purtroppo la qualità è stata sotto le aspettative, visto che non l\'ho pagato neppure poco... Peccato!\n')
('John Farrell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely brilliant very pleased\n')
('Mr.slem', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNo. Don't buy. Barely keeps liquids warm.\n")
('Ute ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTermohrnek Pleasure ToGo je pro mě ideální. Má ideální velikost, perfektně padne do ruky a káva opravdu dlouho vydrží teplá. Tento hrnek jsem také koupila pro svého manžela a i on je spokojený. Určitě dopuručuji.\n')
('Sam Aboud', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEmpfehlenswert\n')
('Anke A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch liebe meinen neuen Thermosbecher, er liegt super in der Hand und wunderschön 🤩 jeden Morgen mache ich mir meinen Kaffee und genieße ihn im Auto und auf Arbeit, so startet mein Tag perfekt! Ich kann ihn nur wärmstens empfehlen, selbst verständlich ist er auslaufsicher, lässt sich easy reinigen und hält sehr lange warm, ich liebe ihn 🥰\n')
('Sandra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller großer Coffee to Go Becher. Erfüllt sehr gut seinen Zweck,der Kaffee bleibt sehr lange heiß. Der schlichte Becher gefällt mir sehr gut. Kann ich nur weiterempfehlen\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAchtung ist kein Trinkbecher, durch das "360 Grad ausschenken" kann man schlecht direkt aus dem Becher trinken. Eine Tasse wäre von Vorteil.\n')
('Rachel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent Travel mug, keeps my coffee hot for nearly 6 hrs... to get through my night shift. Not the cheapest but in my eyes best value..\n')
('james', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOccasionally this cup leaks, I can't see what makes it happen, but maybe one time in 30 it does. This rectifies with me taking cap off and putting back on again. I therefore hold it upside down before putting it in my bag these days. The other negative is that it doesn't keep stuff hot for more than a couple of hours.The positives: Fits beautifully in my car drinks holder (unlike contigo west), easy to drink from, the lid is really pretty easy to clean (no leakproof device is going to be super easy to hand clean because of the mechanics involved, and this one is easier than others eg Thermos), the body is super easy to clean (unlike the barrel shaped contigo west). It is also LIGHT which is great and is probably a result of the compromise that you make for less thermal insulation. 29 times out of 30 it's leakproof. I like the drinking from all angles thing and it definitely doesn't go all over your face unlike one reviewer wrote (that sounds like a drinking problem ho,ho).Overall 8/10 and probably the best travel mug I've had as light and fits into car and bag easily and is generally leak proof.\n")
('MB', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLässt man ein Getränk (Tee) länger als 6 Stunden im Thermobecher stehen, verändert sich gravierend der Geschmack. Die Flüssigkeit reagiert offensichtlich mit Komponenten der Innenbeschichtung. Größe und Design sind praktisch und ansprechend.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nder Becher erfüllt wofür er gemacht wurde. Der hält die Wärme und die Bedienung ist einfach und gut. Der Verschluss funktioniert sehr leicht und einwandfrei, der Becher ist dicht was will man mehr. Meine Empfehlung. Ich hatte bereits ein Emsa Becher in der Hand, das war Katastrophe. Schwer zu schliessen, erst nach mehreren versuchen. Hier ist das ein Kinderspiel.\n')
('Trish', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBest flask  I've  used. Hot water stays hot for hours!Easy to clean and maintain. Very high quality.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCup is too hot to handle seal seems to have gone in less than 3 months was a Christmas present for my disabled dad disappointed\n')
('Alan Hynes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nif you want to keep something cold or warm dont think twice just purchase this product... it does what its made for\n')
('KaWeHa', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den Becher jetzt seit knapp einem Jahr in täglicher Verwendung. Der Becher ist dicht und hält den Kaffee warm. :) Soweit, sogut...Nach ca einem Jahr hat der Verschluss aufgegeben bzw. hat sich nicht mehr zuverlässig schließen lassen. Nach einem kurzen Emailkontakt habe ich sofort einen neuen Deckel geschcikt bekommen.Das nenne ich mal Kundenservice... :)Ich kann sowohl den Becher als auch den Händler auf jeden Fall weiterempfehlen. Alles Super! So stelle ich mir das vor :)\n')
('Tony Lee Mellors', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says on the tin\n')
