('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI brought this for work and has been great so far. Stays warm for hours, comfortable to hold and drink from,  Easy open and close works well. Only issue I have had is the screw on lid has a rubber o-ring that makes the seal once screwed down but mine has come loose and actually fell out a couple of times, so I pushed it bk in but sometimes doesn’t seat correct and leaks allot so have to unscrew and reseat the lid.\n')
('Mrs marlog', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve had one of these travel mugs for many years and it’s the best one I’ve ever had and I’ve tried many. Just purchased another 3, one more for us & 2 for presents. Leak proof, keeps your drink warm for hours & dishwasher safe. The other great thing is the lid is easy to clean and water doesn’t hold in the lid & cause that horrible smell.\n')
('Dell Girl', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUntil yesterday I would have given this product 5 stars in all departments and then the bottom of the mug came off (see pic) - I never put it in the dishwasher only by hand & dried it as soon as washed, it was never dropped and only ever carried in a bag - I put it on the kitchen top last night and picked it up this morning and the bottom fell off - hence the one star. I bought Oct 2021 and after 3 months it’s broken. Not Amazons fault just a shoddy product. Don’t feel confident carrying it with no bottom. Btw the dents are from me trying to push and then hammer the bottom back.\n')
('HaSo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZuerst muß ich sagen das dies nicht mein erster Contigo Becher ist. Bin mit den Produkten eigentlich sehr zufrieden. Haltn Getränke lange kalt/warm. Allerdings gibt es ein riesiges Problem.Bei einem meiner Byron Becher ist die Dichtung im Deckelrand nicht mehr in ordnung. Auch schaut der Gummi Nob der den Ausguss verschließt wirklich nicht mehr appetitlich aus.Also habe ich den Support kontaktiert (via dem Kontaktformular auf der Webseite) um nachzufragen wo/wie ich eine ersatzdichtung oder einenersatzdeckel erwerben kann.Da ich allerdings auch nach dem dritten kontaktversuch vom Support keine Antwort erhalten habe, habe ich auf der Facebook seite von Contigo eine Nachricht hinterlassen.Dort wurde ich innerhalb von kürzester zeit dann gebeten Sie über den Messenger anzuschreiben. Es wurde mir dann allerdings schnell gesagt, das Sie nicht für den EU support zuständig sind und ich doch bitte über die Webseite (das Kontaktformular) den EU support anschreiben soll.Habe dann geantwortet das ich dies schon drei mal gemacht habe und bis heute auf eine Antwort warte.Darauf habe ich wieder die gleiche (copy paste) Antwort bekommen (Sie seien nicht für den EU support zuständig und ich solle via Webseite kontakt mit dem Support aufnehmen).Mein fazit: Produkt ist in ordnung, allerdings kann man den Becher entsorgen sobald man Probleme mit einer der Dichtungen hat, da man weder ersatzt Deckel noch ersatz Dichtungen in der EU bekommen kann.Dies scheint in den USA anders zu sein (wenn es stimmt was man so auf Facebook lesen kann).Deshalb werde ich (wenn der nächste kauf ansteht) nach Herstellern schauen die ersatz Dichtungen anbieten. Denn es ist wirklich schade einen 30€ Becher wegschmeißen zu müssen der bis auf die Dichtungen noch völlig in ordnung ist.\n')
('Skipster', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe cup rusted very quickly despite being washed by hand.\n')
('Fludel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nich bin sehr begeistert von dem Contigo Thermobecher Byron; tolle Verarbeitung; liegt super in der Hand; hält gefühlt ewig heiß (wenn man die Öffnung zu lässt); es läuft wirklich nichts aus; kein kleckern oder tropfen; ich hatte lange nach einem neuen Becher gesucht und mir diesen auf Empfehlung einer Kollegin gekauft; Preis ist für die Qualität und das Design echt top!\n')
('Starlyn ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGood size ,good insulation doesn't leak.\n")
('georgetcm', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTo keep drinks hot, and it's obviously working perfectly as expected\n")
('Guido', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes not keep drink hot - was Luke warm after only 1.5 hours - the drink spills out of spout too - tricky to drink without spilling.  terrible product considering it was £18.10. Wouldn’t buy this product as does not work.\n')
('Paul Bee', '2,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nRubber seal along the lid to prevent leaking has come off twice. I've returned it once, got a replacement and it didn't work. Avoid\n")
('JUAN MIGUEL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo quería para el trabajo y cumple su función perfectamente\n')
('Sandra Tucker', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHolds heat and cold very well. Definitely leak proof (even after being dropped!). Worth the extra couple of pounds. Use daily at work- keeps a brew hot for 4 hours and still drinkable after 7. Only slight draw back is the lid is tricky to clean under the lid seal. Other than that excellent - on second one as dropped from height and lid cracked (bought another straight away)\n')
('roy gaelle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBella e funzionale, ha esaudito le mie aspettative se non superate visto il prezzo contenuto....\n')
('Kelly Jones', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nReally good flask. And doesn't leak.\n")
("Client d'Amazon", '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the first travel mug I have found that is actually leak proof even when tipped upside down. I can throw it on my work bag without fear of spills. It keeps drink red hot. Too hot infact, so be sure to follow instructions and leave lid off for a few minutes to let some heat escape.\n')
('Anne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPuede descantillarse al estar pintado de mate\n')
('Marc', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRead the reviews about the paint coming off so I brought a stainless steel one and it’s honestly perfect. No leaking, drinkable easily and keeps my drinks hot. Very happy with this\n')
('Greta', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLe proposte sono tante e in fase di acquisto sono stata confusa nella scelta, infatti scrivo questa recensione per essere di aiuto.Il thermos è davvero perfetto e vale tutti i soldi che costa. Innanzi tutto il meccanismo di apertura "per la bevuta" è estremamente igienico e non si tocca con le mani la parte che va a contatto con le labbra. Bisogna sollevare una levetta che apre un foro posizionato sul lato diametralmente opposto e da quel foro si può bere.Il thermos ha un\'ottima capacità di liquidi e mantiene il caldo per diverse ore. E\' molto solido, ma non pesa in modo eccessivo. Non perde mai una goccia di liquido (io lo tengo nello zaino, dove spesso si capovolge) ed è di facile presa grazie alla banda in silicone.Insomma, se anche voi siete confusi nella scelta e siete capitati su questo prodotto, dategli una chance!Spedizione Amazon (prime) puntualissima.\n')
('Joanne Jackson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this mugs. Very well made, easy to hold and clean. Keeps hot for a long time.\n')
("dem's", '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nsempre al mio fianco nelle giornate invernali dove un THE caldo fa la differenza. Anche d'estate fa un ottimo lavoro.Mantiene la temperatura per molte ore. CONSIGLIATISSIMA!!!!\n")
('Just a lift of the wrist', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa tazza sarebbe perfetta sia come design che come capienza, purtroppo è arrivata ammaccata pur avendo un imballo integro. Presumo sia caduta ed imballata nonostante l’ammaccatura, quindi ho avviato il reso, che il corriere sta disattendendo.\n')
('paula bradley-crouch', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBonito, practico y guarda bien el calor\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0-Difficult to screw on the cap-no matter what you do there is a flaw in the design that make it impossible to drink from it without spillageThat’s what it looks like after less than a few months\n')
('Felix Gabriel Verde Balet', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use.  Easy to clean.  Good value.  Fits in car\n')
('Mia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAwesome coffee cup, fits in kuerig\n')
('roland', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält Kaffee stundenlang warm\n')
('Damon Tate', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing mug. By far the best design I’ve bought over many years. Super easy to clean and keeps things beautifully warm with no risk of spilling, Great in the car or even in my bag.\n')
('Scubaman04', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product.\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nParfait, après un test de liquide chaud dans le Mug insérer à 23h, le lendemain à 8h, petit déjeuner est encore chaud! C'est tout ce qu'il fallait. Le test à l’étanchéité est parfait, cependant, d’après les précédents commentaires, il faut préférer un lavage à la main pour préserver le joint et la couleur du Mug.\n")
('C C', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the style and great to drink from but it does not stay very hot. You can feel the outside is warm so heat is escaping\n')
('User', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nthe Mug does what iut says it keeps hot drinks Hot and Cold drinks Cold. the reason fro 3 starts is the mug comes in just a plastic bag in a Amazon box and had scratches already, no biggy really but for the price you pay disappointing.\n')
('Tricia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe now have 2 of these. My wife and I use them for completely different purposes  - she for keeping a mug of tea hot all afternoon, and me for keeping a drink ice cold all afternoon in the summer. This does a brilliant job of both. Very solid build,  easy to drink from and no leakage.\n')
('TITUS', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVoy a reclamar porque la  compre en vaciones y en mpocos mese ya esta feisima, pelada y perdida de color\n')
('shellgirl', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it  5 ⭐️Bought this travel mug to replace one I’ve had for about 2 years that fell on the ground and a part came off from underneath, I will fix it but it was easier just to order a new one. It’s ideal for me, a teaholic, used constantly every day, keeps drink hot for about 5 hours, but it does depend on how often you open it. Great size, very comfortable to hold.  It is too hot to drink when first made but you can leave it standing once made with the lid off for 5-10 minutes  (Older one on right of pic)\n')
('Sammie Jayne', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a good looking mug for coffee lovers. I used a couple of times for now no leaks and keeps very hot that I have to wait my coffee to cool before I seal the lid. Otherwise I cannot drink :)Pros:- it looks like I don’t have to worry about leaks. I will update this In a year- not so expensive (bought it for £12) for the brand- keeps warm for hours good for taking for long walks- lid is dishwasher safe (I never put these lids though)Cons for me:- I wash it by hand as advised by producer but it is a bit long to wash without a bottle brush- smallest one is 470ml and it is too big for me being very heavy and tall.- a nonslip bottom would be better as the product is tall- drinking hole is very small I barely get used to itEdit: sometimes it’s a bit hard to drink from it yet never leaked so far.\n')
('Oliver Yavuz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLäuft aus!!!\n')
('Simon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat thermal mug, no spills keep my brew hot for hours out on the building site or driving to jobs, the only problem for me is it's to big for the cup holder but not much of a problem dut to it been fully leak proof so I just leave it on the seat next to me.\n")
('V Gargarela', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe lid fits tightly and is unlikely to come off, nice shape to drink out of.\n')
('Zme', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBrought this in April the seal has come out the lid and won't fit back in again proper in my opinion it's poor quality especially for the price\n")
('Mum', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot easy to drink from whatsoever. I made a coffee in it - it continues to heat up and scalded me!\n')
('T777', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAll good\n')
('Keith Brown', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTea or coffee pour out when cap is close\n')
('laura', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNi una gota fuera. Además mantiene el calor de verdad. Tanto que si es un té, puede que tengas que dejarlo abierto un ratin antes de beber. Gracias!\n')
('Bingbong', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJe viens juste de le recevoir et je suis ravie. La qualité est là et le desing est superbe. Facile à utiliser très beau produit qui tient toute ses promesses. Les boissons restent très longtemps chaudes. Je réfléchie pour en acheter un deuxième. Je recommande.\n')
('Sven Hoff', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe dieses Model schon zum 2. mal gekauft. Die erste war für meine Frau und hat dadurch überzeugt, dass kein metallischer Beigeschmack schmeckte ist. Sie hält sehr gut den Kaffee heiß und ist Auslaufsicher.\n')
('crashglider', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hat eine optimale Größe. Der Verschluss ist sehr gut und es hält lange warm.\n')
('GT', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is an amazing bottle for my hot drinks at work, works as it should.\n')
('Audrey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo sirve. Desde el principio no mantenía la temperatura. Ponía café literalmente hirviendo y a la hora después para tomármelo, templado. Y encima no es estanco. Así que lo devolví y compré uno normal de Orbegozo. Llevo casi un mes y perfecto.\n')
('ZLW', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'ai acheter ce mug parce que mon dernier mug contigo m'avait durer 5 ans avant de perdre son étanchéité.Ce mug n'est pas facile à utiliser d'une main, et le maintien au chaud n'est pas a la hauteur des promesses. au bout de 3h, mon café est tiède ...\n")
('Senay Özdemir Boyaci', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin Becher der lange die Temperatur und dicht hält.\n')
('Khalif Mussa', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDon’t usually write reviews but I thought I would on this occasion, The flask is ok but I found that it only keep warm for 2/3 hours Max! And really annoying is I struggle to drink out of the lid you burn your top lip every time you drink it so now I take the lid completely of to drink my coffee. Needs more work on the lid I would say!!\n')
('Jana Roder', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGröße optimal für Kaffee-Junkies.Thermowirkung ist sehr gut und hält für mehrer Stunden heiß.\n')
('Julie E.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAwful quality! I bought this to replace my previous cup and it doesn't keep my drinks hot.\n")
('Glen m.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat product, doesn't leak. Keeps things hot or cold as expected.Good value for money.Would buy again if I had to.\n")
('paul h.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWell, yes its ok but more raspberry /cerise than red and as it was intended to co-ordinate with a birthday bike (for my husband) not as expected. He was polite about it, but it says red and isn't\n")
('prunette', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMug de bonne qualité, conserve bien la boisson au chaud\n')
('Javier Figueroa Cancine', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPienamente soddisfatto. Articolo come da descrizione.\n')
('Guismo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTodo lo que se dice de él es cierto. 100%recomendable\n')
('Mr K A BRYAN', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect size and beautiful colour. Keeps drinks hot for long hours however it got knocked over with the lid on and it leaked a bit. Fits in your standard cup holders in the car and the rubber grip is great\n')
('Fletch', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad an old contigo cup in a slightly different design. Very happy to find these cups are as good, totally leakproof & keep drinks lovely & hot for hours. Really like the rubber grip part which stops it slipping out of your hand which my old cup didn’t have. Lovely metallic colours too (I bought the teal)\n')
('Brilly', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIdeal mug for keeping coffee warm.  Fits nicely into the cup holders in my van.  Easy to drink from and doesn’t leak.  Good capacity at 470 ml.\n')
('Ms. Juliet Kalashnikoff', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug I have come across on the market! Can put upside down in a pocket while in a rush or thrown into a bag and providing the sip section is set to closed they do not leak. Hot drink can be left probably around 6 hours and be drinkable.\n')
('Dirk', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKept my drink very hot(too hot) but my reason for purchasing this item was they stated it was leak proof and it was 100% a great purchase\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nContentissimo i primi due mesi, teneva caffè, tè e altri liquidi molto bene ed era anche molto comodo da utilizzare.Purtroppo dopo quel periodo la guarnizione si è sfiancata col risultato di perdite di liquido e connesse macchie su vestiti, zaino e libri.\n')
('Niall', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRubber bit fell out on third use. Completely useless as now it leaks everywhere.\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use it every day, and tea made in the morning remains hot in the afternoon.\n')
('anonym', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good material and tee was hot bis next day but little hard to open\n')
('Peter Thomas', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct started off fine, slightly tricky to drink out of but seal has failed after 5 weeks rendering product useless\n')
('Ben Coggin', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nC'est le 3eme que j'achète après d'autres marques testées dont bodum et consort... c'est le seul étanche au fond du sac portable qui fuit jamais ! Par contre, il faut en prendre soin notamment du joint qui si il sort, fini ! Impossible à remettre et bonjour les fuites !Un joint plus épais faciliterait l'entretien sûrement.Made in usa par contre.\n")
('Kate U.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOutstanding doesn't leak stays hot for sooo long so easy to clean great value for money\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis are the best. I have 3 and highly recommend!\n')
('Manuela Müller', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSieht gut aus und hält heiß. Dazu auch noch günstig erworben.\n')
('Yulia Kavtaradze', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe contigo in allen Farben u. Größen. Bin ein Fan. Hygienisches Alu, Deckel maschinentauglich, alles Top. Lieferung wunschgemäß schnell an Packstation. Jederzeit Empfehlung von mir.\n')
('Stephen Paton', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent mug, hasnt let me down yet, cant remember wat i paid, would buy again\n')
('Mark Amor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm sorry to say was not as good as my cheaper luckyberg, very disappointed my tea stayed warm for under 3 hours not good when my other one I used to use was 4 plus hours 😪\n")
('Minze', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Wärmeleistung ist genial, der Inhalt bleibt lange heiß. Leichte Handhabung.\n')
('Lamy', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell worth the money. Keeps drinks nice and hot of hours.\n')
('helen m', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have tried a few 360 mugs and this is the best so far.  I cannot comment on durability.  But does what it says and easy to clean design.  Very pleased - would highly recommend above every other one I have tried.\n')
('Glady Chinyadza', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente vaso termico, conserva muy bien el café, lo llevo en la mochila y no he tenido ningún inconveniente por perdida del contenido. Es facilísimo de limpiar. Lo recomiendo totalmente\n')
('AF', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to hold with excellent grip and easy operation.  Definitely keeps drinks hot.  The problem is being very careful not to burn your lips! Totally drip free and sits neatly in car cup holder.  Easy clean so can’t fault.\n')
('Sylvain P.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy work bag is covered in milky sugery tea\n')
('Carol S.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe rubber seal in the lid became big and doesn’t fit in anymore and now leaks. Otherwise a great mug when it works.\n')
('Mary W.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe gusta mucho... aguanta mucho tienpo el calor de la bebida.\n')
('Rhiannon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAs the title says, it was going so well then the seal broke......I have been using this thermal mug for approx 6 months now, off and on.Just recently the seal has decided to not seal anymore........which. Is a shame because there are so many good things about this thermal mug, the look, the length of time it keeps tea warm....... But, if it wasn't for the seal I would be giving 5 stars......... Shame as I Considered buying another, one for it to then fail so early in its life.....\n")
('jonathan g.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect for the purpose required for.  Can definitely recommend\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBellissimo\n')
('K. Klisch', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist mein zweiter contigo Byron Thermobecher. Der erste  mit 420ml dient mir als Kaffeebecher seit fast 10 Jahren und ist immer noch top. Jetzt musste ein größerer und handlicher  Becher für Tee her - mit mehr Volumen- 720ml für ein Trinkbecher ist ordentlich!. Die Becher haben einen raffinierten auslaufsicheren Verschluss und halten die Getränke sehr lang warm oder kalt.\n')
('Jacqueline Allport', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPut coffee in at 6.30 am by 9.00am it was cold, disappointed that it appears not to retain the heat as described ,especially as some reviews were saying that their drinks retained the heat. Will not return it as I have used it, but so far a waste of money.\n')
('Suzanne B.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTodo ✅\n')
('Steve', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMine is leaking and I don’t know how to return it I only have it just over 3 I’m the\n')
('Lee Saunders', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product is sold as leak proof, which is NOT. Is leaking around the top, even if the lid is screwed on tight. Would not recommend.\n')
('nicola', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product hot coffee on the go. An essential in the coved era\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nComme moi, vous avez lu ou lirez les éloges qu'on en fait. Tout est vrai : solide, pratique, étanche, esthétique, confortable.Pensez à le remplir d'eau brûlante avant d'y mettre votre boisson chaude ou elle sera tiède dans deux ou trois heures, et elle le sera de toute façon dans 6 à 8 heures maxi. Sinon, c'est une valeur sûre (si votre besoin n'est pas immédiat, attendez les soldes, très appréciables vu le prix initial)\n")
('Wendy Williams', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally easy to use and keeps drinks warm for a long period\n')
('William D Strain', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI brought these for my parents to use so they could take a coffee / cold drink with them on their walks. I have the contigo west loop version and love it. Always in my bag when I travelling on the train etc, keeps my drinks warm or cold and never leaks. Would throughly recommend!\n')
('Surrey mum', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the 4th Contigo flask that I've owned, the other 3 all being the auto-seal style. (I have a habit of losing them as I take them everywhere.)This is the first of those 4 flasks that I can't recommend. You have to remember to close the lid - not always easy if you're running between trains. If you're standing up on a train and it suddenly jolts there's not even time to close the lid, so it spills. Even worse, the seal came off this flask, causing it to leak all over my bag - something that never happened in all the years I've owned Contigo flasks.In short, if you're looking for a flask that's good on public transport do not get this flask, get the autoseal one.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchon mehrfach ausgelaufen. Qualität der Dichtung einfach minderwertig.\n')
('Iris H.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas great to begin with and is leak proof however after less than 2 months there was a taste to my tea and I noticed no matter how much I washed it there was always a film on the inside like the inside metal was coming off and could taste in my tea so no longer use\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nsuper produit, le chaud ne tiens pas 8h, peut être 6h plutôt mais par contre il reste tiède beaucoup plus longtemps.Il ne fuit pas, par contre attention ne pas le passer au lave vaisselle (c bien notifié), mais il se lave super bien car ça se dévisse.j'ai fait des émules, je recommande +++\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love everything that this cup gives !\n')
('Nikki', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood cup well impressed\n')
('Jeff', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe top heats up to high.You can’t press your lip against the top as it’s too hot.Unable to drink from from a flask with hot tea/coffee as you can’t keep your top lip against the flask top.\n')
('Jayne M', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality,  reliable.p  Keeps drinks hot or cold for many hours.\n')
('Eric J.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSeal is sticking up so no longer leak proof, leaks all over!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\ntop de chez top !  rien à critiquer...  ça fait le job et c'est efficace👌👌👌\n")
('Lisa-Rose Clarke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product\n')
('Dan Hicks', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'll make a brew at 4.30 am and it's still drinkable 9.30 am\n")
('baby angel ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfecto café calentito 4 horas puesto directo de la cafetera.Agua hirviendo 6 horas y sigue calentito.\n')
('I. Townsend', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat purchase, using it every day. No hassle in cleaning\n')
('ang', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ndoes his duty\n')
('Mrs. P. C. E. Redman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat looking cup, keeps drinks hot for a long time but unfortunately when I put hot liquid in it’s not leak proof although seems fine with cold drink.. shame as I do like the style of this cup.\n')
('Juana López', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDrink stays hot all day. Made drink at 8 still hot at 4pm.\n')
('FoxyLaws', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust what my daughter wanted to replace one that was no longer effective\n')
('anon', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI brought this hoping it would last very long time but after using it only for 1 and half it started leak so the lid is basically useless. I never dropped it or anything just became like that for some unknow reason, And drinking it without lid is little dangerous as edges are sharp and hard. Also washing bottom is impossible and its extremely expensive as well. I have stop using for couple months knows that is over £40 down the drain So my advice is buy another one save your money.Only pro I can give it is that coffee/tea remain hot for 7 hours if lid is closed and about 3-4 hours if its open. But price is deterrent not buying again that is for sure\n')
('Clare Jackson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct is very good at keeping drinks hot as it will maintain the temperature for several hours. Once the lid is screwed on and closed it does not leak. It can be dropped without breaking (by accident) and will not leak any liquid. It does however have one big negative. Due to the design of the lid it is very difficult to clean properly. Getting into all the small areas of the lid is virtually impossible so be extra careful as after a few weeks use it can get very dirty. My advise is to use a paper napkin when cleaning to ensure you can clean as much as possible.\n')
('RetroAEROSMITH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSi vous mettez un liquide froid dedans...il va rester froid longtemps.le petit plus : ça fonctionne aussi pour les liquides chauds ! et même plutôt très bien.le petit plus bis : il est pas dégueu à regarder !produit très très recommandable\n')
('Colin', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDisappointed as after an hour of walking my coffee is only warm, despite heating the cup up first.\n')
('Honeychild', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlmost too good, I add cold water if I am drinking my drink within an hour as they keep drinks hot for ages, have recommended these to loads of friends\n')
('Diane P-W', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProbably one of the best travel cups I’ve bought. Maybe a bit on the pricey side.Keeps your drinks warm for hours. I think the company should offer replacement lid seals and lids if needed..\n')
('bainmoussant', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was very excited about using  this I work long hours and don't get time for tea breaks so wanted something on the go i received it and used next day only to find rust at the bottom of it this was after 1 use for £24 I don't expect this to happen very disappointed to be honest.\n")
('Manish Singh', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI already own a Contigo flask but my partner keeps using it. I bought her one which turned out to be a little smaller. The overall design and lid work brilliantly. The flask is robust, ergonomic and easy to use even one handed. The one I bought for my partner turned out to be a little shorter than mine but otherwise almost the same. However the one difference my partner  noticed was that it doesn't keep liquid hot for as long. It's probably ok for three or four hours  but after a little longer it'll be a bit cooler. The conclusion I've come to is that it's fine for drinks on the go as long as you'll consume them in four hours or so. Anything longer than that then a good old flask is possibly better but a lot more inconvenient to use. I'd still buy another Contigo for all it's other excellent features.\n")
('TechReview', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this off 2 separate recommendations. It has been used twice so far. One occasion it was a couple of hours before drinking and it was still very hot. It hasn't leaked so far and it was easy to clean.I wish I had bought one for myself as the hubby won't let me use this as I gave it him as a gift.\n")
('Sailasa Verebasaga', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGave 4 as I didn't like  opening for drinking from.  Hot liquid hit top of the lip and made me pull away suddenly with a burnt sensation\n")
('Doron Zamir', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo me ha gustado por el cierre que tiene\n')
('itm', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased on recommendation, as a present.  Recipient wanted one that was leakproof.\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent flask, keeps things hot or cold for ages. A good buy\n')
('MRS H R LEIGH', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUsed this driving from uk to Spain.  Kept my tea lovely and hot for hours.  Leak proof but easy to use.  Then used it for cold drinks (wine) for the beach.  Cold water next to my bed at night.  Will be buying 2 more and a bigger flask before my next trip\n')
('Fonda', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEsta super bien conserva bien el frío aún dura más tiempo el frío de lo indicado solo falta provarlo con caliente lo recomiendo y llego super rápido en 3 dias\n')
('jack cartwright', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTotally leak proof, holds a venti coffee, well made.\n')
('theresa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is the most well built travel mug I have had so far but 2 issues I have is, first it doesn’t fit in the cup holder in my car I was hoping for and it’s tricky to clean the bottom of the mug since it’s not dishwasher safe. Otherwise it’s a veryGood mug.\n')
('Joanne Louise Russell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo I bought this travel mug in November 2020 and good 6 months it was sitting in the cupboard. Then I remember about it and started using weekly, until a couple a month ago when I started to use it daily. Yesterday I discovered that when I go to take a sip it is leaking! First I though, maybe I screwed it on wrong, so tried again...but no, still leaking....very disappointing and have to look for replacement now:(\n')
('Rippleoak', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for hours! No exaggeration. Can be a pain sometimes because after an hour of keeping the lid off, my tea will still be ridiculously hot. But I guess it’s good for long journeys.\n')
('IAN GARVEY', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have purchased two of these travel mugs. Whilst they keep drinks incredible hot, both mugs leak which is really disappointing.\n')
('Emma', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0It is not leak proofBought this 5 months ago(April 2021)Every day it is my responsibility to make sure that the rubber seal is in place otherwise I will spend half an hour cleaning the mess fro leakageIt does keep temperatureBut what you gonna do with hot drink if half of it is already wasted by leakageDO NOT buyUnfortunately I couldn’t return it\n')
('Agnew', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good kept tea warm all morning\n')
('PBMCMLXXI', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon produit !\n')
('Martin Weeks', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStays hoy for so so long great item\n')
('Huwster', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect for my car journeys - coffee stays hot for hours on end with no leaks and fits in the car cup holders just nice. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a high end travel mug.\n')
('Scaperbrit', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is my third or fourth of this cup and I use it several times a day.  They last for a really long time. I am terrible and wastec so many coffee cus they'd cold but not since I've used these thermal mugs. I had to return this one as it didn't kerp it hot and it was not an issue  returned the faulty cuo and had a replacement in full working order in aatter of days.\n")
('Hayley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a present for my hubby. He loves it!\n')
('Dao', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says on the tin. Stays hot for my entire 12 hour shift. Doesn’t really fit into the cup holders in Ford transit vans as an FYI.\n')
('Nicolas CJ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup keeps to what it says and is still warm for about 7hours before I have finished it and need to make new I got the large one as well\n')
('WENDY CLARKE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery easy to use and clean, keeps my coffee hot for long time,value for money\n')
('Peter Lurie', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuick delivery, keeps drinks how for hours, easy to clean\n')
('loulabel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant product. Worth every penny\n')
('Jogi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Dichtung im Deckel verrutscht regelmäßig, sodass ich immer Mal wieder mit Kaffee dusche. Checke jetzt die Dichtung immer, bevor ich den Deckel aufschraube. Auch das griffige Gummiband außen sitzt nicht mehr richtig in der Mulde, lässt sich aber auch nicht verändern, dass es wieder plan wäre. Das snapseal tut, was es soll und der Becher hält warm. Ich ärgere mich trotzdem.Update: Becher ist nun komplett undicht. Dichtung im Deckel verrutscht trotz penibler Kontrolle immer.\n')
('Jmac', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says on the can.\n')
('master_zwerg', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\n... der Becher wäre wirklich super, wenn die Einhandbedienung nicht so furchtbar schwergängig - für mich unbenutzbar - und somit der Becher leider insgesamt unpraktisch wäre. Für mich war das ein klares Ausschlusskriterium.Wem das jedoch nicht wichtig ist - der findet hier einen wirklich schönen und gut funktionierenden Thermobecher.\n')
('Abbiee Scott cook', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent quality\n')
('Tracey', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe mir diesen Becher gekauft da er recht gut bewertet worden ist, leider bin ich doch etwas enttäuscht. Was echt gut ist ist die einhand Bedienung das funktioniert top. Das reinigen ist nicht so toll man kann nur den Deckel in die Spülmaschine tun der Becher leider nicht sonst wird sich die Farbe lösen. Das trinken aus dem Deckel finde ich nicht besenderst gut.\n')
('CHERYL N', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's OK. But the one I have at least leaks air. It doesn't leak any liquids, but I do hear a very low frequency sound of air coming out. I think that is why it doesn't keep stuff as hot as I'd like them to be after 2-3 hours. Liquids are kept hot for 2.5-3 hours tops in my case.\n")
('Shaz', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon produit, conserve au chaud pendant plusieurs heures, sous réserve de le "préchauffer" en le passant sous l\'eau chaude, et bien sur de ne pas le laisser ouvert trop longtemps. Et joli design, ce qui ne gâche rien.Seul bémol, la version peinte n\'est pas lavable au lave-vaisselle. Mais se rince en 2 secondes.\n')
('A. von der Elbe ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hatte den Vorgänger von Contigo und muss sagen , ich war definitiv mit den zufriedener ! Der Becher ist undicht läuft aus und der Trinkverschluss ist keine gute Lösung . Dort bleibt ständig ein Rest Schluck drin . Bin enttäuscht. Werde den Becher reklamieren .\n')
('Abdul Rokib', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this cup it does what its supposed to do. Keeps coffee hot for ages & does not leak at all.\n')
('Eric', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAvevo un precedente prodotto della contigo, la qualità è simile ad eccezione del tappo, in questa versione molto semplice e a volte tende a trasudare liquido\n')
('Michael H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop!\n')
('Chris parsons', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo I have a older version of this brand which I left at my mums , so purchased this as a temporary replacement. My original had a leak proof feature ie you had to press a button to drink , this model as a flip portal which is fairly good but if left on side coffee will leak, which I have done twice now.It does hold heat well for approx 5 hours and looks really good but if your budget allows go the extra for the spill proof button model.\n')
('Carolina', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFunciona perfectamente y aguanta mucho el calor\n')
('Dr. A', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI do not have to put this into a plastic bag, incase it leaks. Which I’ve done with all the canisters I have used in the past.  This is 100% leak proof.  Easy to drink from, and so easy to clean. I would recommend this brilliantly designed good looking thermal canister.  The drink stays hot or cold for the amount of time stated.  I would definitely buy a smaller version as well if they made one.\n')
('Dave', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo utilizo para llevar mi café con leche al trabajo. Calentando previamente el termo con agua caliente para evitar que al echar el café con leche se enfríe, mantiene bastante bien la temperatura.  Cuando lo he introducido hirviendo, después de 3 horas, está tan caliente que me cuesta beberlo. Se limpia fácil y después de  4 meses de uso no pierde nada de líquido. Igual lo que menos me gusta es el diseño para beber, te pega la nariz a la tapa, pero bueno, te acostumbras.\n')
('CathTB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlyhough it states to ve diswasher safe, i have hsd this less than a month and been though the diswasher 4 times and that paint started to come off, now its only washed by hand.\n')
('Rachael', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGood mug, keeps drinks warm all morning.I bought mine for a BMW 3 series but the base is wide and this means the mug won't go all the way down in the cup holder.  If you have a newish BMW this will rub the stereo.I bought this because it is shorter than the Contigo Autoseal Grip, which is another good mug, but it also has the same problem, it rubs the stereo.\n")
('Simone', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduit qui remplit ses fonctions, à bon prix.Avantages :* résistant* pas trop gros* ne fuit absolument pas* conserve très longtemps la chaleur (5 heures après avoir placé le liquide très peu de perte de chaleur) !Inconvénients :* ne pas boire directement si le liquide était brûlant (très bonne conservation de chaleur)\n')
('Kejtikaartez', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPasst sehr viel rein echt Super.\n')
('Pablo G. Martínez Peinado', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely love this travel mug and even bought another one as a present. But….. look at this, the bottom literally fell off. Sat at work went to sip coffee, bottom fell off!!REALLY! These are not cheap. So so disappointed. Please send me a link to the supplier so I can send in a private complaint.\n')
('Manc girl', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI loved this cup to start with. It keeps coffee really hot for hours and seemed very leakproof. However,  after a few months the crucial rubber ring in the lid started to come out. It is difficult to put back properly and if it is not fully in the cup leaks coffee while you're drinking.\n")
('Ali', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nvery good\n')
('tweenage sonsmum', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReturned as only mildy luke warm after 3 hours. No use to me at all. Yes, filled with boiling water. No problems with Thermos!\n')
('Jack Wild', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt leaks after using 6 times\n')
('Merlin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält die Getränke lange warm, ist dicht und es ist angenehm daraus zu trinken, es bleibt auch keine Flüssigkeit am Mundstück zurück, so dass man aus Versehen etwas voll tropft. Nach einiger Zeit leidet die Beschichtung außen, aber das ist eben ein optisches Problem und beeinträchtigt nicht die Funktionalität.\n')
('Lol', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThey keep your drink hot for a ridiculously long period of time and are completely leak proof.\n')
('elzarain', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAprès 5 mois d'utilisation, très bonne qualité. Solide, et garde bien au chaudAucun problème pour ce qui est de l'expédition et de la réception\n")
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFor cold drinks it's ok. But for hot drinks not for me. It has a weird design at the part that you put your mouth to where the liquid comes out a small hole. The problem is that it shoots hot liquid at your upper lip no matter what way you approach it. The only way to avoid this is to open your mouth wide like a trout and pour it in and this is not how I drink tea or coffee. It's not a waste of money as I just take the lid off but at it's not cheap so me this is a flaw. Didn't see any reviews with similar problem so maybe I'm in a minority in not wanting to take wide open mouthfuls of hot liquid.\n")
('Andrés Meneses', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas great until it was dropped plastic lid snapped would buy again\n')
('Lesley', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my hot drinks scalding hot for sooo long. Looks sleek.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider passt der Kaffeebecher nicht in meinen Getränkehalter im Auto, ansonsten ist das Teil echt klasse.\n')
('Awatef Jebari', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my son, he loves it, coffee keeps hot all day\n')
('Frances carroll', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good. Feels nice to drink from and does what I says\n')
('Sio', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s nice to actually buy a flask that actually does keep your drink hot.\n')
('H', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe seal falls out every time you wash it and is a ballache to put it back in without twisting it each time. Cheaper and easier to get a small flask.\n')
('LouCar', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot bed\n')
('Roy bull', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's a good buy\n")
('Sue S', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect for my coffee in the morning. I drive 90 miles (nearly 2 hours) to work and its still hot when I get there. Top marks\n')
('Sandeep P.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nContigo es una excelente marca, el vaso conserva el frío por tiempo, es duradero y resistente. Lo malo es la tapa, que al ser de plástico, no resiste como el vaso, se partió de nada, y sin tapa deja de servir el producto. Deberían vender tapas de repuesto o al menos venir con 2 incluidas\n')
('Thomas Fehr', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe mir diesen Becher wegen der Warmhaltedauer und des Volumens gekauft. Hält sogar 8 Stunden ausreichend warm. Leicht zu reinigen, wegen der großen Öffnung. Verschluss arbeitet tadellos. Soweit Kratzer unempfindlich. Kann man nur empfehlen. Wünschte mir mehr Farben zur Auswahl.\n')
('Dariusz D', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo ist contigo\n')
('amn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWould recommend for ease of use.\n')
('MR. Olabisi IBIKUNLE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug for either hot or cold drinks\n')
('paul lewis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurtroppo la guarnizione è uscita fuori sede molto presto e ogni tanto non fa tenuta correttamente.\n')
('Joaquin Herrera', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery impressed with this cup tried so many over the years this one actually keeps my coffee hot for hoursVery easy to clean too\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe sunken opening to sip hot beverage appears to be not a good design because warm drink burns the upper lip and is not comfortable as well. Also, bit complicated beverage dispense lid and sealing system doesn’t clean the detergent of dishwasher completely and without manual rinse, it smells of soap. I have bought something else (more money spent) and may use this as a flask instead. Cannot return as I have opened and used now. Sorry, not a good buy and not fit for purpose to me.\n')
('Herve', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nperfecto para transportar cafe o te, ya que no gotea y aguanta caliente el liquido.\n')
('Juan Carlos', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExcellent product, Use it for travelling with work.Large cup so doesn't fit all cup holders.\n")
('Sheena Luker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this and was pleasantly surpised. Coffeee stays hot for over 2 hours easily. Not checked cold stuff as just have coffee regularly. Bought it for around £7.50 in sale so am very happy. Highly recommended.\n')
('Abdul Malik Collins', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use. Keeps liquids hot. Second one I have bought. First one lasted years before the seal in the lid failed.\n')
('Julian Dockerty', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat purchase would definitely get it again\n')
('Papercup85', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe cup doesn't keep the drink hot. My commute to the office is 2 hours, by then my coffee is cold.\n")
('Mike', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExactly what I needed\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI needed a flask to keep my drink warm for very long bus journeys to work. It keeps my drink warm for ages & is very easy to clean. It's also leek proof which is good as I have to put it in a bag.\n")
('jenny', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeak proof, good quality, keeps drinks super hot\n')
('Mandy K', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThere is nothing to dislike about this product....!\n')
('MB', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher und sieht gut aus!\n')
('James B.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've been using thermos brand for a free years now and hands down can say contigo is the brand I will be using from now on. My hot drinks stay hot for over 10hrs as I do 12hr shifts and very sipping from it all day.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug I’ve ever had, keeps my coffee hot for ages, doesn’t leak, nice to drink from and easy to clean. Can’t improve on that!\n')
('Dat shiznite', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs la segunda vez que la tapa se abre accidentalmente en el interior de la mochila causando un desastreCreo que el termo es de buena calidad y mantiene el calor, pero no me explico cómo puede abrirse así de fácil. A partir de ahora sólo la llevaré en mano\n')
('Menowhere', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI should have checked but you can't put the flask in the dishwasher. My fault.Biggest issue is the strong taste of plastic.\n")
('Stephen', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat but doesn't last. Cannot buy new seals so they all leak now.\n")
('lizfev', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest product, classy, handy and very good quality. Serves the purpose.\n')
('Melly T', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDosnt keep your drink as warm as the slightly more  expensive mug by the same people. Spent the extra few quid\n')
('Carola', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher der lange heiß hält und nicht ausläuft👍\n')
('Barbara Merte', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLäuft schnell aus und hält keine 2 Stunden warm\n')
('Duchess', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nContigo travel mugs are generally excellent, but this one went straight back. I’m sure it’s great, but it didn’t fit in a car cup holder. At least, not in the BMW and Audi that we tried it in. And that means it fails its primary purpose for me. Probably perfect if you drive a truck!\n')
('Niknakatarian', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’m a nurse. And often I don’t finish my drink in one go because it gets busy in the ward. So this keeps my drink hot for a long time thus not wasting my coffee.. love this!!!!\n')
('Dazus', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'ai acheté ce mug pour pouvoir marcher avec mon café le matin et je peux vous dire qu'il est parfaitement efficace.Il est étanche, conserve bien le chaud et également le froid.Je recommande !\n")
('Bach', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente, no se derrama, mantiene la temperatura de los líquidos\n')
('Sinead Ailill', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI brought this as a gift for my husband for his daily coffee, he also uses it in summer to keep his cold drinks nice and cool. During the summer heatwave he put water and ice in and at the end of the day it was still ice cold and chilled with the ice. Great quality for hot and cold drinks on the go, it also fits perfectly in our car and pram cup holders.\n')
('Dina Ocanto', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've been using a single thermos for years and they've always lasted about 18 months. I have 3 Contigo cups in rotation at the minute and one had failed after 6 months. It leaks every time you take a sip from the mug. You only get 1 month to return it also.My advice, spend the extra couple of pound and buy a thermos. I've always just put the thermos into the dishwasher also and it was fine. I never put this mug into the dishwasher.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThé, il reste chaud toute la journée. Bouchon hyper pratique pour boire.\n')
('VixC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nEverything mentioned about this product is true,  it retain hot, it's leek proof, it's easy to drink and clean.  I keep on buying it as gift so others can enjoy it the way I did. Will definitely recommend.\n")
('T', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo rapporto qualità prezzo, elegante e funziona benissimo\n')
('bs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung vor weihnachten. Alles gut.\n')
('katia flores', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSmall hole to drink out of. Would not bought this at this price. Only bought as thought it was the one in the video. Was tempted to send it back but threw the wrapping. Haven't tried the leak proofing yet.Lovely colour and great delivery.Would not buy again.\n")
('Tim S', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing mug. Purchased these 2 years ago and after using everyday (and admittedly being dropped a few times!), this mug is still as good as new.Since buying, there has been a slight issue of the rubber ring seal coming out occasionally, but it’s easily popped back in when screwing on the lid!Ignore the reviews which complain about burning your mouth etc… liquid stays as hot as when you put it in the cup for hours, without preheating it first.  You can’t complain that an insulated mug is burning your mouth… it’s just extremely well worth the money!\n')
('Rttyruiirij', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo recomiendo 100%\n')
('TB', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI wanted a contigo for ages, but they're expensive!! BUT bought on a lightning deal / black Friday. Really really really happy with it. It's metal, no glass. Perfect for a mobile engineer in the city. Safely sits in my tool bag all day without breaking or leaking. Keeps hot all day too. I got the 720ml one, which fits 2 x mcd or Pret coffee cups in! Which is perfect when used alongside their current coffee offers 👍\n")
("Client d'Amazon", '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product stays hot for ages\n')
('UK-Nathan', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe travel mug is leakproof and good at keeping your drinks hot for hours. However, the way the mug works is that you end up drinking from the edge of the travelmugs lid and this part where you drink from does not get covered over. I'm not sure how I feel about that especially if you're using your mug to take drinks away and are putting the mug in your bag etc. Not the most hygienic drinking mechanism. Okay otherwise\n")
('GenuineUser', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love these cups but i find it hard to clean them without using abrasive cleaners, especially when the hot drink leaves marks afterwards\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe mir den Thermobecher gekauft weil ich sehr viel Tee trinke und ich muss sagen der Tee hält lange warm und sie läuft auch nicht aus.\n')
('Sef', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove love love this product I couldn’t recommend this enough!!! It keeps your drinks warm or cold for hours and is perfectly leak proof as stated I would never buy a different brand again after using this ☺️ Very happy customer\n')
('Adrian Williams', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs bonito, cómodo y práctico y cuenta con precio bastante razonable. Mantiene el calor bastante bien\n')
('J. Schaible', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNutzte den Becher täglich. Anfangs hält er super dicht und den Kaffee zumindest 4 Stunden akzeptabel warm. Nach ca. 6 Monaten leiert dann aber der Dichtungsring aus, dicht ist der Becher dann nicht mehr. Da die Dichtung vom Hersteller nicht als Ersatzteil angeboten wird kann dann der ganze Becher auf den Müll, außer man hat gerne ausgelaufenen Kaffee in der Tasche. Bin nun nach 4 Versuchen mit diesem Modell auf einen anderen Hersteller umgestiegen, der Deckel als Ersatzteile anbietet.\n')
('Richie', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have bought a lot of thermal mugs but this one by far is the best. It keeps your drinks very hot for a long long time to the point where I have had to add some cold water to it just to be able to drink it, it also keeps all the flavours in as I drink a lot of herbal Teas and ginger with hot water. I would definitely recommend one of these.\n')
('Daniel Godel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe mug has worked well for 6 months with daily use. I don't put it in the dishwasher and yet despite this careful handling, the seal in the lead has gone in the lid and it's leaking. For something of this cost I am not happy and couldn't find the contact seller feature when I went back to the order which was also frustrating - I know that's Amazon rather than Contigo, but that didn't helpl. I'd like a replacement at no cost as something like this should last more than 6 months, especially if washed by hand.\n")
('Ann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee warm all morning which is great for my job\n')
('Lorraine McVicar', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nkeeps tea hot for 4-5 hours un-opened, best travel mug besides being a bit large- but im not faulting it for that. Sturdy, beautiful. might buy another one for myself.\n')
('L Humphries', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nuncomfortable to drink from = drinking through lid doesn't work\n")
('Dueane', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAs described.I already own a Contigo bottle but is a model for cold drinks only and as I was super happy with it, bought this one for hot drinks. Was not disappointed. The quality of the Contigo brand is amazing. It keeps the drinks hot for hours and can be used for hot or cold drinks!\n')
('Nathalie SICARD', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNe tiens absolument pas la chaleur, le café fait le matin ne peut pas être consommé chaud à midi. Je suis très déçu j'avais suivi les avis.\n")
('Monica', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm so glad I found a cup that keeps my drink hot and doesn't leak.I don't taste anything funny when drinking coffee (filter/instant)However when drinking earl grey I can taste metal.CleaningNo chance of getting your hand or a non bottle brush on there to clean.ONLY a bottle brush will work.I really like this cup, great reassuring snap when you close the seal.Great capacity and still easy to hold.Highly recommended this item.*** Edited ***I've had this for a while now and I'm so impressed with this. It does not leak.It's great to hold as it's very sleek ( narrow makes it sound thin, small.)At first I thought it was tall but I've gotten used to it and I really am pleased with this, great and it keeps my drink hot for what seems for ever.\n")
('Marcos', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis was a replacement. As I lost one. Fits my need well. Only need to keep the coffee warm for a max of six hours.\n')
('Anonymous1', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFailed to keep liquids hot for more than half an hour after three months\n')
('Sheldon Barnes', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMy husband and I already have a couple of Contigo flasks, and as all the blue paint has come off my husband's I decided to get us a new one each.My husband says that the flask doesn't keep his coffee as warm as the last one, but it keeps it warm for long enough.As the lid is just a flip up so you can drink from one side, and it lets air in the other, the mechanism is much easier to clean than our last flasks, so a definite plus.However, after having used and washed it almost daily for 2 weeks now, I have noticed that my husband's lovely blue flask is already showing scratches.\n")
('Zendran', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI thought that I was getting the finger release mug and received this one instead. I preferred the other one, however this one is quite good and serves the purpose. So I am happy and satisfied.\n')
('Cheryl', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe perfect cup when your at work or on the go keeps drinks hot up to 6hrs excellent\n')
('Gina', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood solid container, holds a decent amount, keeps warm for ages, good quality, i bought the same one from a local supermarket and bought this for a friend who liked mine, suprisingly there were slight differences\n')
('Tom', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly bought this because it was on a saleBut there are better\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe encanta esta marca! Siempre cumple con mis expectativas en cuanto a la conservación de temperatura (frio o caliente) de mis bebidas. No le doy la totalidad de la puntuación porque creo que debería tener el autoseal del  West Loop que es mucho más cómodo.\n')
('conrad jones', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCompletely leak proof , put my coffee in my work bag & off to work I go, stays hot for hours .Will defo order again\n')
('Paula Crooks', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMug just right size for what I needed, fits in my golf bag no bother, keeps liquid either hot or cold, easy to drink from, easy to clean and no leaks\n')
('david  h', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nwhat i wanted\n')
('Summer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust as described, ideal for keeping drinks warm and no leaks.\n')
('Nicole Schneider', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchon unser 2ter .Geht viel rein und hält warm\n')
('Elric Menescire', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good cup. Keeps drink really hot from when its made early morning till when I drink it at work later.\n')
('Ivan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNon mantiene caldo per molto tempo, e dopo pochissimo tempo, la vernice ha cominciata ad andarsene, anche se non lavato mai in lavastoviglie. Molto meglio contigo Metra!\n')
('Hannah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange warm.\n')
('Gordon Shennan', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTrès efficace dans le maintien de la chaleur, je fais couler mon café Nespresso directement dedans, et je le bois encore très chaud (parfois trop) 2h plus tard.Le bémol est l'étanchéité qui est capricieuse : le premier reçu a un fuite au niveau de l'ouverture du buvant, ( le caoutchouc boule se place mal ), j'ai donc fait une réclamation à Contigo qui m'a gentiment envoyé un autre mug (le même ) qui ce dernier c'est trouvé cabossé dans le transport et avec un joint d'étanchéité (celui au pas de vis ) pas très efficace puisque 1 fois sur 2 il fuit.Je suis déçue car j'en avais acheté un il y a 10 ans, qui était celui-ci super.\n")
('Joy B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps you drink at a good temperature. Nice product\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good\n')
('Andrea', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch liebe diese Thermoskanne. Habe diese Ausführung nun das 2. Mal. Die erste ist schon einige Jahre alt, funktioniert noch super, jedoch wird das Gummi rundherum natürlich nach vielen Spülmaschinengängen nicht schöner :DGetränke bleiben lange warm, es passt viel rein und sie ist auf jeden Fall auslaufsicher. Hatte sie immer mit in der Uni und es war im Rucksack nie etwas nass. Auch einige Stöße und Fälle auf den Boden hat sie schon gut überstanden.\n')
('shantelle smith', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat in every other aspect, but doesn't fit easily into the cupholder in the car, which is what it was bought for.\n")
('jacqueline newton', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRubbish cup, seal fell out within a few months and mouth seal easily opens. Not worth the money.\n')
('Alan T.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ni work nightshift and am not often able to get a cup of tea this keeps my tea hot from start to end of my 9hr shift.  Wish i had found this before going through 5 different travel mugs lol\n')
('David Jordan', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest coffee mug I’ve had, just bought second one. Easy clean, no drips, fits car.  Maybe doesn’t insulate as well as some but keeps hot for a couple of hours which is plenty.  Love it.\n')
('Bartolomeo Santangelo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHigh quality and classy look!\n')
('tony fletcher', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\ni love this thing, use it everyday. would highly recommend this! :)\n')
('Carlos ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher fühlt sich wertvoll und gut an, lässt sich auch relativ leicht bedienen, aber für den Preis habe ich mehr erwartet:* der Kaffee war bereits nach 4 Stunden nur noch lauwarm!* die Trinköffnung ist zwar "Einhandbedinung" aber ziemlich schwergängig* die Trinkmuldung eignet sich eher für vorsichtiges Schlürfen, statt normalen Trinken, dann läuft es leicht links und rechts am Kinn runter!Da ich ihn benutzt habe, werde ich ihn nicht zurückschicken. Kann diesen Becher aber nicht empfehlen!\n')
('Barbara ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBonne contenance (au moins équivalente à un mug), très belle couleur, efficace, facile à nettoyer. Je recommande.\n')
('Meyrem Akun', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGood size and it is truly leak proof.  The only think i found is that my drink didn't stay hot as long as i expected as other thermal mugs i have had.\n")
('t locke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUse this at work all the time, keeps the tea lovely and warm for at least half the shift 6 hours or more. No leaks, loss of liquid if tipped upside down, great product.\n')
('Irina', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nläuft aus da der Verschluss sich bei ganz leichtem Kontakt innerhalb einer Tragetasche einfach öffnet\n')
('G', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch mag den Becher insbesondere wegen seiner Grösse, der guten Isolierleistung, der rutschfesten Griffumrandung und seinem eleganten Aussehen.Der Verschluss schliesst sehr gut, ist aber nicht abgesichert wie bei anderen dieses Herstellers. Da braucht im Rucksack nur mal was von unten gegen stossen, das könnte den Becher sicher öffnen.\n')
('Holger Mockry', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe mittlerweile schon zwei davon. Erste Lieferung top, zweite Lieferung allerdings Deckel schwergängig. Hält den inhalt lange heiss, sehr zu enpfehlen.\n')
('Fee', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKurz gesagt: stylischer Becher, der lange warm hält und super einfach zu reinigen ist. Ohne das Gefühl irgendeine Spalte zu übersehen. Ich finde ihn klasse!\n')
('Ghasem', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for hot drinks and also keeps cold drinks very cold\n')
('Kelly Ward', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCercavo una borraccia termica a chiusura ermetica per far portare bevande fresche a scuola a mio figlio per l'ora di ricreazione. Sapendo che andava nello zaino e soprattutto come vengono trattati gli zaini da bambini di 11 anni la volevo resistente ma soprattutto a tenuta ermetica. Ottimo prodotto, in più mantiene fresca la bevanda. Assolutamente da consigliare\n")
('Rob', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFácil de limpiar y el estanco es realmente hermético.  Conserva el hielo por más de 7 horas…\n')
('DB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSi vous hésitez encore, prenez celui ci. Il est juste parfait. J'ai hésité longtemps mais j'en suis TELLEMENNNNNNT contente qu'il est devenu mon meilleur ami !\n")
('Luiza', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLas dos primeras horas el café (sólo) está caliente aunque al llegar a la tercera hora ya está temblado. Imagino que sí se le echa té o café con leche, aguanta más. Lo he precalentado antes con agua hirviendo. Se echa en falta en el orificio donde se pone la boca una tapadera, ya que al llevarla en la mochila, está no esté en contacto con todo.Es cómoda de llevar y se coge bien con una mano. Ideal para el coche o la oficina. Muy fácil de limpiar. Recomiendo su compra\n')
('Bekii', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps the drink so warm I can make it at 7am and it’s still be hot at 1pm! Best travel mug ive had by far. If anything keeps it too warm to begin with. I pop the lid in the dish washer and hand wash the bottom. Have recommended to friends and colleagues several times and all as equally impressed.\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe gusta todo es como practico y fácil de llevar. El café o te dura muchas horas a la misma temperatura\n')
('Kate Hill', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRusty on the inside after having it for a few months. I have had to throw it away\n')
('Kingfish', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product, you pay for what you get, love contigo products, they are the best Recommend to all.\n')
('Olivier ARBEZ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFuit au bout de 2 mois d'utilisation\n")
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bonne marque de thermos. Rien à redire.\n')
('Freya', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is my second contigo, fantastic at keeping my water cold throughout my 8 hrs shift and beyond! Ice cubes stay solid for over 8 hrs. Great item. Reason it's my second is because the other one lasted 2 and half years of daily use, unfortunately I dropped it down stone staircase!!\n")
('Janina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDie Größe gut aus den Deckel läst es sich schlecht trinken,Wärme Haltung entspricht nicht der angeführten ZEIT/ Preis zu teuer\n')
('Md Abdal Mia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic servicePerfect size\n')
('Usman', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBest ever I've order one for me and one for my friend. The hole is a big too small but the quality of this product is just thee best!\n")
('mr t d fish', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have paid out £24.45 for this 720ml gun metal grey vacuum mug. I have had it just five weeks and the seal has failed. So all I have now is a fancy thermal mug. With no working lid. £24.45. They must have seen me coming.\n')
('Bernd Streicher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKann mich nicht beschweren. Macht was es soll.Top Produkt.\n')
('Caroladu', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy brother told me about this it’s the only cup that I have ever had that keeps your drink hot for hours and hours it’s a must for all\n')
('john house', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHaven't even started using this yet, but even peeling the sticker off the base caused the black coating to peel off with it.A lot of people seem to be having an issues with the black coating coming off, so if this is a deal breaker for you do not buy this product.\n")
('FRANK', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am very disapointed with this botled, its rusting inside. I never had problems with this brand before. I have 3 bottles from 2014 that are still in perfect condition. I want this bottlebto be replaced and it must be faulty ! Contigo gives a life time warranty!\n')
('Beppe', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCoffee,tea, soft drinks flat or fizzy even keeps your beer cold and fresh. What’s not to like!!\n')
('Nadine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBelle contenance et produit très isotherme, l'eau reste très froide ou très chaude + de 4h, c'est parfait et très pratique\n")
('ARNAUD ET CHRISTELLE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon achat,ne fuit pas ,le liquide reste encore chaud après plusieurs heures\n')
('Squillmo', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat size mug the 470ml one, price is abit steep but the brand and value for money makes up for it I suppose.\n')
('Shabana Derby', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my hubby as the last one leaked. This is by far the best one I’ve bought. Doesn’t leak and keeps drinks piping hot!\n')
('Adam Ellison', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct is useless as a travel mug as it leaks every time you take a drink from it.\n')
('Mercedes Martínez', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBorraccia ottima. Tiene sia il freddo che il caldo per ore, anche se lasciata fuori o sotto il sole. Ormai la porto sempre con me\n')
('Andrew Cunningham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeaked after 3 weeks!\n')
('O. E. Atchison', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality\n')
('Liz R.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis one is not for me.  The opening mechanism I found to be stiff, fiddly and noisy.  Whereas the earlier Contigo model has a mechanism that is easy to use, and very quiet.  Just the job for meetings, retreats, etc.  I have returned this one, and ordered the earlier model.  If I wanted a noisy travel mug, I would use the IKEA travel mug, which is half the price and stays hot twice as long!\n')
('alessandro', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't stay hot\n")
('Helen', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt was really good for the first few weeks and then the bottom fell off and it stopped keeping my drink hot so they are good till they fall to bits.\n')
('Russ M.Arsh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant as this item always is\n')
('DripDrop', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nUse it literally every day all the time. Keeps the drink warm really long and doesn't have any weird taste of itself. Cleaning by hand might be an issue, but if you've got a dishwasher it's one of the best out there.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've had countless thermal cups given to me by suppliers and at trade shows over the years. None of them very good.As I do a lot of driving I thought I'd treat myself to a fancy one. I wasn't expecting much in all honesty.But this cups is fantastic, I can put a brew in it at 4.30 and it'll still be piping hot at 8.30.  Best thing is it can fall over on my seat and not leak everywhere.\n")
('Vorin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for hot chocolate...close it over and shake...both leaks\n')
('iain', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love Contigo travel mugs, this is my third. I like that this is bigger for longer journeys, but prefer my other one as it has a better lid. This has an click open and click shut opening that is round, so not very sophisticated, my other ones had a one press to drink with an oval opening and once released they shut, which is much better. If they made my other one, west loop, I think is a much neater design, but they do not do them in this size. I have just spotted they now do the west loop in the us in 20oz...............\n')
('Mike Ward', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for our teenage son as he started a new job. He loves it and keeps his tea warm for ages. Highly recommend\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product\n')
('Mrs. J. L. Wilson', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to drink very happy\n')
('signe frei', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood size keeps drinks cool or hot unfortunately very difficult to open and shut. Need 2 hands / thumbs to pry it open. Would stick to thermos brand in future\n')
('C. E.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProdukt erfasst 3 Tassen. Heiße Getränke halten über 5 Stunden eine angenehme Trinktemperatur. Handling sehr gut, mit einer Hand zu bedienen.\n')
('SimmyG', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n6 months later this item is leaking. Very disappointed. Will buy another make. Ruined my leather bag twice now. Gutted.\n')
('noemi ricciardi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nComodidad buena, y no me gusta la limpieza de tapa\n')
('Sabrina', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDespués de 3-4 semanas utilizándolo el termo ha dejado de ser estanco y pierde su contenido por la junta de la tapa. He tenido que solicitar un reemplazo, ya que espero que sea un defecto de fabricación y no un problema general de este producto.Por lo demás, mantiene caliente el café durante unas horas, pero para nada las que indica el fabricante. Es cómodo de llevar y guardar en la mochila.\n')
('luvshopin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOmg, this keeps tea hot for ages.\n')
('helen curry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice cup but I should have measure what 590ml isCapacity is too large for me\n')
('adrianbarlovento', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to drink from, keeps tea hot for hours.\n')
('classic muse', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToujours satisfait avec Contigo. Superbe qualité et ne fuis pas de tout.  Garde les boissons chaud pendant presque 7 heures.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps leaking, the rubber seals are not good enough.Already sent one back and got a replacement this now does the same thing.They are not cheap so look for something else.I put it in my coat pocket, but had to stopped as I kept getting a pocket full of coffee.😡\n')
('Mary', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt has not leaked on me but then I have always tried put it in my lunch bag upright.  I make my drinks at 7am and it is definitely still hot by 1pm. Easy and comfortable to hold. I find the top hard to drink from so I ended up opening the lid instead.On the whole,  I like it.\n')
('aidan crawford', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat item, easy to handle with good grip, kept my coffee warm for about an hour on a recent trip. Managed to avoid any spills.\n')
('SKeith', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic item, super easy to clean, portable, leak proof, holds a really nice amount of liquid, if lid is left shut stays hot for easily 4 hours\n')
('Terrie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nPleased with this travel mug, I use this for work and on first use about 30 minutes after filling with coffee was too hot to drink, for me thats a good thing, most start to cool down really quick. So be warned, but that isn't a complaint.\n")
('Marie Varcianna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot a great product - flavoured the drinks and was impossible to clean. Ended up going for a plastic mightymug.\n')
('Coolstockholm', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNel compltesso direi ottima, nel senso che il suo lavoro lo svolge e bene, è molto isolante e le bevande all'interno rimangono fredde, o calde, per molte ore. Tuttavia non mi sento di dare 5 stelle perchè dopo un paio di mesi di utilizzo inizia già a perdere un pò di pezzi di colore (all'esterno) rovinandone un po' l'estetica.\n")
('Gyneska', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nencore un sac de foutu ce matintous mes papiers ont pris le thé qui s'est écoulé car produit non étanche\n")
('Ute', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFrüh um 05:00 Uhr Kaffee reingefüllt und um 16:00 Uhr noch sehr warm.Also top... Kann ich "wärmstens" empfehlen\n')
('Seh', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTo begin with the mug worked perfectly well.  Most importantly, didn't leak and kept my coffee hot for hours.  Also, it's only ever been washed by hand, never in the dishwasher.  Unfortunately this golden period has only lasted 5 months.  It now leaks constantly, even after a short spell in the car, the drinks holder will be inch deep in coffee and if you try and risk drinking from it you will end up wearing more than you drink.  It's a real shame because to begin with, it was pretty perfect.\n")
('Simon Mélanie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon produit je le conseille qualité solidité du système de fermeture maintien vraiment le contenu au chaud ou au froid\n')
('Andrea de Angelis', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nArticle conforme à la description et de bonne facture rien dire . Il paraît solideEt pour son efficacité , je verrais  à l'usageMais je pense que j'ai un bon produit entre les mains , et que je ne serais pas déçu !😀👍👍👍\n")
('Piotr D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wanted a leak proof coffee cup.It leaks. No good cant even use unless you want dribbles of coffee all over you.\n')
('Lynne E', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIts a good size cup but it doesnt hold heat for nowhere near the 9 hrs as stated. Its luke warm at best after maybe 4 to 5 hrs.\n')
('James ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe good price and good quality.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAl mattino esco di casa alle 8.30.. Alle 17.00 le bevande sono ancora calde. Lo tengo in borsetta.. Mai perso una goccia d'acqua. Top.\n")
('Ricardo', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the first mug of this kind that I have had, and I am very happy with it.  I bought it because of the good reviews and it is superb.  The drink stays very hot for a long while (please don't burn your mouth!).It is of good construction and I chose the red which looks really nice.If you have never had a thermal mug before I would highly recommend this one.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSent it back as too heavy to use for an elderly person with arthritic hands!\n')
('JM', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEveryrhing\n')
('cust01', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFácil de limpiar con un cepillo ya que no entra la mano hasta el fondo.Sobre su comodidad puedo decir que es alto y se maneja un poquito peor que otro más bajo. Cuando dicen que se puede manejar con una sola mano, en mi caso, no puedo porque el botón para abrirlo está muy fuerte y necesitas sujetarlo con la otra mano. Por otro lado, eso de que esté fuerte supongo que está bien ya que asegura que no se vierte nada por accidente cuando lo trasladas en bolsos o bolsas.Contiene dos tazas de té, lo que es ideal para tenerlo siempre en su punto durante bastante tiempo.Podrían hacer colores y no este oscuro solamente.\n')
('vicky m.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had the same flask before this upgrade and the last one was much better. It didn’t leak and was easier to drink from. This one leaks if it’s on its side and it is not so easy to drink from.\n')
('Claire M59', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSuper pratique, conserve très bien le froid, ne fuit pas et design au top. Je l'utilise tous les jours. Je recommande vivement.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nno leaks yet, a month in. Good leak proof mechanism.\n')
('Willow', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent.\n')
('keith hirons', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for hours. Leak proof and easy to clean.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDon’t like the small drink hole.\n')
('Dave', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have been buying these cups for work for about 6 years, they are amazing. Keep my drinks hot for about 6 hrs at work.\n')
('Naibelys S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSeal came away and leaked after 2 months\n')
('oguz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlles gut.\n')
('Oscar Bengolea Bengolea', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat product.  Keeps drink same warm temperature for approximately 4hours. Easy to hold and looks very nice. Have to make sure it's screwed on correctly or it will leak but if secured fully its fine.Happy with purchase,  recommend\n")
('JOSÉ LUIS PÉREZ GARCIA', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nexcellent item this is the second cup i have purchased keep hot for a good few hours\n')
('Marcel Bücker', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe länger nach einer größeren Alternative zum Emsa Mug 0,5l gesucht. Dieser hält gut warm und hat einen sehr guten Verschluss.\n')
('Yamileth Valbuena Rosales', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSorry, der Bote hat keine Nachricht hinterlassen. Die Sendung war geteilt. Also alles bestens! Schöne Weihnachten!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve had a few in my time, not one holds up to this, it doesn’t leak and keeps the drink hot for hours. Excellent thermal mug.\n')
('Gonzalo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad one before and they are perfect for those whose breaks are irregular\n')
('dougie lewis', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is one of the best flasks I've had. It keeps my drinks hot nearly all day. Its awesome.\n")
('Aragorn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing!!\n')
('V.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's is amazing, really keeps the hot drinks hot. No leaks, using it +5 months and it is perfect.\n")
('Rachel Phillips', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDay one of using the flask, used twice and does not keep a flask of coffee hot or warm for long, on both occasions did not last just over an hour.Returning for a full refund.\n')
('Andrew Butters', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nEtanche, solide, garde la boisson bien chaude - d'ailleurs, comme le disait un autre acheteur, attention à l'eau bouillante qui reste très chaude pendant un moment !L'ouverture pour boire est facile à manier, même d'une seule main, et agréable.Parfait pour mettre dans son sac à dos et partir à la journée. C'est exactement ce que je cherchais !\n")
('Colin Weinling', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLe meilleur mug étanche de tous ceux que j'ai essayé.\n")
('Thierry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my husband for use at  workHe loves it especially the colour as he has owned a couple before but plain grey I bought red this timeIt’s very sturdy keeps coffee hot for hours and the large size is perfect like two mugs of coffee to start the day\n')
('mehdiii25', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought these for myself & my husband when we go walking with the dog & they do everything they say but it’s hard drinking out of them especially if you are on the move.\n')
('Heiko', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHochwertige Variante für unterwegs.+ Läßt sich im Auto mit einer Hand bedienen.\n')
('Ben', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nConforme à la description.\n')
('Chiara 🦒', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente producto cumplió con mis expectativas los recomiendo\n')
('mistered', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI really like this drinks flask, but I find it difficult to get the lid on. It must be held on s surface and I have to have a few goes before it finds the thread and goes on. I've had a few incidents when it has gone on at an angle and I've ended up with tea in my rucksack. The drinking area works really well though and if the lid is secure, this is a great flask.\n")
('Mireille', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product. Does the job and doesn’t leak! Very handy for in the winter and all year round.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI don’t normally write reviews but I had too for this travel mug. I’m so impressed with it. Lid slightly different to how I expected with a snap seal. But it’s seals it really well and it so easy to drink from. It’s a great style too.It keeps drinks hot for ages. I’ve made a hot drink and put it in a bag to take out, still hot 3 hours later.I would really recommend this!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCan't rate this enough 100 per cent leak proof keeps drinks hot for ages very sturdy. Highly recommended.\n")
('Igor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa qualité est là. Jamais déçue par contigo. Étanche, design simple et élégant, garde au chaud ou froid pdt lgt, plus de café froid !\n')
('mumof1', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs muy bueno, mantiene el caliente y frío por más de 5 horas\n')
('Mrs. L. J. Jelley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's a good size and keeps hot drinks hot for hours. It's easy to open compared to other thermal mugs, but it does eventually stain on the inside and can be difficult to clean completely.\n")
('Bob', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat Mug.\n')
('harry keepin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBrilliant mugs for a peripatetic worker. Leak proof, keeps drink hot for hours. Not so easy to clean so I bought the Astonish cleaner and now it's a piece of cake. Well worth the money.\n")
('Cliente de Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the best Travel Cup so far, it keeps drinks hot for hours, doesn't leak and looks stylish too! Love it\n")
('Mrs C Chant', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIts a little hole to drink from which is not ideal, you only get a little sip.Would not buy another.\n')
('R. Daniel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUse every day good mug\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nActually want something that could preserve hotness for 24hrs!Definitely not this but it's okay!.\n")
('Banzzi Dreams', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis thing just ends up leaking. No matter how much effort you put in to putting the cap on correctly it still ends up leaking. The o ring just perrishes to quick. Otherwise its it's great cup!\n")
('catherinePB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop product thanks\n')
('karine', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUn bon mug isotherme : thé encore chaud/tiède après midi, quand le mug a été rempli à 7h du matin.Le mug fait son travail, rien à dire de plus.\n')
('Mr D R Hall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter using it 3 times it wasn’t  “leak proof” anymore.\n')
('Ramona', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Produkt sieht hochwertig aus, das Design überzeugt.\n')
('ClineMac', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'en avait acheté un de la même marque... ma fille me le prend toujours pour le lycée.Du coup, j'ai acheté celui-là: capacité plus grande. Je ne suis pas déçue\n")
('Gabriela', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGot the thermos ones 1st and they were rubbish so spent abit more time researching and these live up to the hype\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs bastante bueno y practico. Pero el frió no lo mantiene tanto como otros vasos que he tenido.\n')
('Céline', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my beverage nice and hot in the car.\n')
('Heidi ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest cup ever!! Keeps your drink hot for hours, leak proof ( it goes in my bag with my laptop), and a lovely colour too.\n')
('Andrew', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI used this for coffee and bring it to my working place.\n')
('Aimie barker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUn termo genial!No se escapa nada de líquido, es muy hermético.Y mantiene muy bien el calor, llené el termo a las 16 con agua casi hirviendo y son las 22 y aún sigue caliente.El tamaño es muy cómodo y un color muy bonito!La verdad que estoy encantada con él.\n')
('Chloe', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought two of these and they have been great for taking on picnics or days out. They don’t leak And I put them in my backpack. One of the seals did come out of place on one of the mugs after several washes and did leak one time. It was a bit of a pain to get back in but once back in has not leaked again. Keeps the tea really hot for ages.\n')
('Tofik', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery pleased with my purchase thankyou\n')
('T. S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhält sehr lange warm\n')
('Alex wallace', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo compré como obsequio para alguien, y la verdad que el vaso es lo que uno esperaría de esta marca. Yo pedí uno para mi, mas grande y negro mate, pero desafortunadamente nunca llegó. Recomiendo esta marca\n')
('Jürgen H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Nicht zu empfehlen Eigentlich  ein super Becher,  wäre da nicht der Dichtungsring im Deckel Nach kurzer Zeit gelöst somit nicht mehr dicht Mit Sekundenkleber versucht wieder einzukleben, aber nicht lange gehalten . Einen neuen Dichtungsring ist nicht zu bekommen.. Somit viel zu teuer.\n')
('Monik', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo usefully.keeps the Hot drinks hot for hours.\n')
('MiguelRojasBullones', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBevande fresche tutto il giorno!\n')
('L.J', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHaving problems with my hands the rubber ring round the cup is a bonus.\n')
('joyjoy', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBuild quality is good , but not sure about the time till water remains hot or warm .\n')
('Caroline burns', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMás ligero y menos voluminoso que el modelo west loop. El problema de este es que para abrirlo o cerrarlo con una mano mientras conduces, por ejemplo, es complicado al menos para mí, porque el sistema de apertura está duro. No lo he probado con bebidas, así que no se cómo irá. Al final lo he devuelto porque lo quería para viajes en coche.\n')
('GH', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nit leaked because there is a rubber washer is the lid that falls out when you wash it and is impossible to get back in. I don't understand how this product has so many rvus that do not mention this spelt is wrong so not to be sencord wink wink\n")
('Kirsty Wales', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI really like this thermal mug. It is leakproof my hot chocolate stays hot and it was very reasonably priced. Definitely 5 stars.\n')
('Caroline', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this for my husband and he loves it, it keeps his coffee so warm he can't drink it for hours.  Great purchase.\n")
('JoseM.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBon isotherme mais boire sur le capuchon n est pas hygiénique en fait. Mon mug reste sur le bureau et reçoit moultes postillons. Je préfère la bouteille isotherme\n')
('Julien', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEl termo no me conserva el frio\n')
('nanou', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIl est resté toute la journée en vadrouille dan son sac sans jamais perdre une goutte.Super satisfait du produit.\n')
('George ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUso tutti i giorni per andare a lavoro mi porto il the caldo. Io lo trovo comodissimo e affidabile\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDisappointed in how poorly this insulates a drink. The top few inches gets quite hot and the drink fails to stay hot for very long.I purchased one of these when they first came appeared in Sainsbury's, a few years ago, I was very impressed with it's ability to keep drinks hot for hours and I used it extensively.My original was getting battered a bit from over use so I thought I would get a new one, how disappointing to find it's no where near as good as the early ones..\n")
('Nikolaos Tsaldaris', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach langem Hin und Her habe ich endlich einen guten Kaffeebecher gefunden ! Gute Qualität, und praktisch dazu! Wenn auch ein wenig teuer\n')
('R Sharma', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis one is not quite as good as the Autoseal ones as far as keeping stuff hot, but it is good enough for me to bring coffee in the car, go for a walk for an hour or two with the dog, and still have hot enough coffee when I get back to the car, and it retains heat better than a few cheaper types I've used.The seal mechanism is click to open or shut, and when shut it seems totally leakproof. The only downside is that you could be tempted to leave it open, and hence get a spill when you brake etc. The Autoseal types are only open when you grip them and press the knob.For me the big advantage of this one is the lid is wide open for cleaning, really easy, any kitchen sink brush would do. The Autoseal one I had was a pain - you'd need a pipe-cleaner or something to really get into the deep sections to get the brown crud that builds up after a while.By the way - It's worth checking the size and colour selections - sometimes one colour can be substantially cheaper than the others.\n")
('Anon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAs the title says, they were happy as a coffee swilling person! Brilliant!!\n')
('Steffen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGummiring fällt immer wieder raus, Der Becher ist nicht mehr dicht, Alles flüssiges läuft raus\n')
('James Hargreaves', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeakproof, turned upside down with snap closed no leaks. All good. Keeps drinks hot. Price very expensive. Can get from major supermarket for £10 less.\n')
('Rory', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the colours. Don’t buy drinks out now\n')
('Aishling MCARDLE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThank you so much. Lovely.\n')
('Jon B', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNothing to dislike about this product best travel cup I've had\n")
('Lisa o', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality only downside if they would make the lid a little more insulated your warm drinks would last longer\n')
('Jess Soares', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nChristmas present for my wife, she loves it, kept the heat for hours!\n')
('Jo ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLa pub ne ment pas. C'est vraiment très isotherme.Il faut meme faire attention de ne pas se bruler en mettant de l'eau de la bouilloire car elle reste très longtemps très chaude.Rien à voir avec un mug plastique.Et il est grand, très grand, voire trop grand pour certains.Mais il correspond à ce que je cherchais\n")
('Inti', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA little tricky to drink from if your not concentrating or is that just me lol.I can make a brew at 7 am and drink it on way home from school at 3:30pm. It’s lovely to hold. Robust and strong. Leakproof (so far)\n')
('thumper', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice item. Does the job. Keeps the drink hot.\n')
('alex vicen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEstá bien, pero es básico, esta marca los tiene mucho mejores\n')
('Julin ricketts-johnson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs el segundo que compro. Es muy cómodo de beber, fácil de limpiar. Aguanta bien el frío y el calor. No quema por fuera, se agarra bien. Duradero.\n')
('K. Atkinson', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe cup arrived with a scratch on it and it's already got a few more even though its not been dropped or around any sharp objects. The main complaint is that it doesn't keep hot drinks warm anywhere near as well as my westloop autoseal from the same company.Still it's a a good size for holding, easy to clean, leak proof and a good capacity.\n")
('mr a w', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVer good cup, although having paid £21, I was surprised to see it today for £12 in Asda!!!!\n')
('Sandrine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCe sont les meilleures mug de voyage à mes yeux, garde la chaleur très longtemps, ne coule pas, belle... Très bonne qualité\n')
('Custodio hall', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGut verarbeitet. Paßt gut in die Auto Getränkehalterung. Verschluß erstmal gewöhnungsbedürftig. An der Seite des Deckels befindlich. Man muss ihn hoch ziehen, bzw. runter drücken. Aber wenn man sich dran gewöhnt hat, kein Problem mehr.\n')
('sergio', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nExtremely disappointed. I like my coffee to stay hot for hours . . . this model lost heat rapidly (and yes, the cap was fitted properly, and I had had boiling water standing in it previously). Returned to Amazon for refund, and I've purchased a thermos I know works well instead.\n")
('Iwona', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nafter buying a few different travel mugs this is by far the best and worth every penny.highly recommended\n')
('DocOmen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love it, it’s completely leak proof and it keeps my coffee warm for hours. Very easy to wash in the dishwasher too.\n')
('L Murphy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTiene caldo il caffè o comunque le bevande calde, NON c'è rischio di fuoriuscita, di può  portare in borsa tranquillamente. Penso ne prenderò altri\n")
('J. Scott', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter first use these are my views. Good quality appearance and feel. Robust mechanism and no leaks. Easy to know when open and closed. Cup main body stays cool. Rubber section feels slightly warmer. Very disappointed by the insulation performance. Hot coffee was Luke warm within 3 hours despite the manufacturer claims. If you need a travel mug to keep drinks hot for longer journeys do not buy this!\n')
('Debbie Boardman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the second one purchased due to seal leakage and within a short space of time the seal on the second mug has also gone and it’s leaking. Not what I’d expect for the price paid\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVor knapp 3 Monaten gekauft und nun läuft er schon aus - Nutzung ca. 3x die Woche, somit qualitativer Mangel.\n')
('marilyn Martini', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermometer hält länger als bis jetzt jeder andere thermobecher den ich gekauft habe das Trinken warm! Ich kann diesen nur jedem empfehlen, vor allem ist der für mich im schichtdienst super. Sogar nach 5 Stunden war das Trinken noch sehr warm!\n')
('Mandino', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAll good keeps drinks hot 5hrs\n')
('Zbynek HABR', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Dichtgummi im Deckel hat sich leider gelöst. Kann den Becher also nicht mehr benutzen, schade.\n')
('Lisah0428', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was in two minds about ordering, after reading negative reviews about drinks pouring down people’s necks. I ordered, and got to use it for the first time today, and for those people having a problem, I wonder how they cope drinking out of an ordinary cup or mug!! Absolutely no issue here, drinking on a journey, and I don’t have a huge mouth. Wonderful product, highly recommended.\n')
('Sebastian K.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKaufempfehlun\n')
('Andy', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat item this one replace previous mug due the the rubber seal breaking and spilling coffee everywhere\n')
('Alsina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for hours. Would buy again\n')
('Jim Mills', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI leave work at 7am.  Lunch is 1.40.  By that time my tea/coffee is lukewarm.\n')
('Debbie.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes exactly what it’s supposed to\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSoldi buttati, è solo un contenitore.Di termico non ha nulla. Messo il caffe dalla caffettiera direttamente dentro e un’ora dopo era gia tiepido. Il tappo superiore non è termico, per cui come pensano di trattenere il calore?!? E dire che vanta di trattenere 7ore le bevande calde e 20 quelle fredde!\n')
('jo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent travel mug! Keeps drinks very hot for many hours! Very happy with this purchase!  The only downside is you have to wait 3 mins after pouring hot liquid in the mug before closing lid, but this is a minor inconvenience if you organise yourself accordingly.\n')
('John Cleary', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDefinitely leakproof. Keeps my drink hot for upto 6 hrs. My only negative is  the weight- noticeable heavier than previous ones I've bought\n")
('OLGA', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBefore I bought this, I made sure to read lots of good reviews. Some gave negative reviews about it not keeping heat, colour chipping away etc. I've not had any of those issues at all. It keeps the drinks really hot for about 4 hours and by 6 hours it's warm. Drinks wouldn't last 6 hours normally but I wanted to test how long it stayed hot for. I absolutely love this insulated mug. I got the matte black and I think its just so classy and looks good. Overall, just an excellent product! One of my most used and fave product I've bought this year\n")
('bethan11', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice mug however bought this looking for a 20 oz mug as was stated in the questions but was sent the 16 oz instead.The description should make it clear as to what size the mug us\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI absolutely loved this product, it kept the drink got for a long time, was easy to clean and easy to open to drink and completely leak proof.... Until about a month after I bought it the rubber ring inside the lid seemed to have stretched a bit and didn't fit properly anymore so I had to fiddle with it to get it not to leak. Eventually the rubber ring which seals it just got to baggy and now doesn't work at all... I would love yo have written this to the person who sold it to me but I can't find a way through Amazon to now contact them..\n")
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love my flask it’s perfect no leaks and my tea stays warm for a good 6 hours\n')
('MyBusiness', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nonly negative is you can only put the lid in the dishwasher\n')
('Vladyslav', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is supposed to keep liquids hot for up to 9 hours. I've used it twice now and after 4hrs the drink is tepid at best.\n")
('Isabelle470', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNever leaks and keeps drinks hot.\n')
('Amber Bloomfield', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI find this flask not easy to drink from , due to the lid opening being awkward and not fully opening , it kind of stuck half way once opened making it to push against your nose as you drink. Therefore a little overpriced for what they are. I purchased two of this 🤦🏽\u200d♀️\n')
('Miss A McCaffrey', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese are great!! Bought one from a shop for my husband Several months ago and he really likes. So when he ran it over with the digger at work I had to find him another ASAP! I purchased two of these from this seller and they arrived super fast. One unfortunately had a dent in so I contacted them for a return and exchange. This was done smoothly. I received the new mug within a couple of days. These mugs are easy to hold, fits nicely in his cup holder and keeps his drink of morning coffee super hot even after a couple of hours driving to work! Easy to clean, no nasty extra rubber bits for drinks to sit in and go yucky like some cheaper ones. Just give it a good soak in warm soapy water before wiping inside and rinsing. Simple! The snap seal that opens for drinking from us quite stiff but it does it’s job at keeping the drink warm and not spilling. A great cup\n')
('M. Lenz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGefallen hat mir das Design.Was möchte ein wenig stört ist, dass der Becher leicht wackelt. Also die Unterseite ist nicht ganz eben\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher, keine 5 Sterne, weil er etwas gross für die Getränkehalter im Auto ist und weil der Griffgummi nicht ganz sauber passt.Tut der Funktion keinen Abbruch, die sehr gut ist.Sieht aber ein bisschen provisorisch aus.\n')
('Roy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDefinitely leak proof,  keeps drinks hot for hours.\n')
(' Аmazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo much heat is dissipated through the lid that boiling water is tepid within 4 hours not ‘hot’ for up to 6 as the description says.However if that is not a problem for you then the travel mug is easy to use, the snap seal system works ok on cooler liquids but does tend to leak a little when using hotter fluids.Easy to clean and is only £10 in Asda, so you work put it’s value for the cost!\n')
('Laida', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat thanks\n')
('Zoe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnce opened heat reduces a bit quicker , i use it for golf after about 2 hours open and coffee is piping hot , holds a decent amount of liquid, great to drink out of unlike a flask you really need a cup , would recommend\n')
('namitha.s.louis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nL'objet est joli et apparemment pas trop mal conçu, sauf pour ce qui est de boire directement à la bouteille... là il vaut mieux éviter de le faire en public parce que l'eau sort à droite et à gauche de la bouche, bref, on bave. Dommage qu'on ne puisse pas l'utiliser avec une paille. En fait c'est bien pour verser la boisson dans un gobelet.\n")
('Rafal Jankowski', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter using everyday for about two weeks, the seal separated from the inside of the lid and caused the cup to leak,Dissapointing as it seemed such a quality product and for that price.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nParfait pour mon cafe\n')
('Mustapha chekkouri bensar', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSon algo pesados pero funcionan muy bien. Guardan muy bien la temperatura del líquido por mucho tiempo. Producto muy recomendado!\n')
('Anne Gallagher', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'ai commandé ce mug lors d'une promo car j'en recherchais un.Ce mug est de bonne qualité dans l'ensemble, la finition est propre et je n'ai jamais eu de problème de fuite avec une utilisation quotidienne de deux mois. Je le trouve facilement lavable avec de l'eau mousseuse ou un passage au lave vaisselle.Ce mug garde très bien la chaleur, voir même trop. Il faut prévoir de l'ouvrir un certain temps avant de boire son contenu pour éviter de se bruler.On ne ressent pas la chaleur à l'extérieur du mug quand il contient du chaud, il est donc très bien isolé.Je recommande ce mug pour un usage quotidien.\n")
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStarted leaking after only 2 months and unable to return.\n')
('Mr. G Manners', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTop purchase, would definitely recommend and buy again…\n')
('Tobia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTrès bon thermos, les boissons chaudes peuvent tenir jusqu'à 6h facilement.Attention aux coups qui pourraient endommager la peinture noire.\n")
('ALBERTO', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSystème de fermeture simple, bonne isolation, grande contenance, bonne prise en main et belle présentation. Avec les réductions obtenue, c'était à ne pas manquer !!\n")
('JANESCA CAROLINA SANCHEZ PEREZ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAs a medical rep I spend hours in my car every day, so a good thermal coffee cup is a life saver!  I have had Contigo mugs before and they have always been great however this one is terrible.  Within 90 mins my coffee was Luke warm.  I have a much cheaper mug that easily keeps it hot for closer to 3 hours with no complex locking lid.  Item was returned I would not recommend\n')
('E Forsyth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice cup and very secure. Keeps my iced drinks chilled for hours. Would highly recommend.\n')
('Mr B', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect, I love it, this my second present for my husband, mine is 5 years old and is still perfect\n')
('Disco Dave', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect travel mug\n')
('Sue', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe encanta!!!! Funciona genial, el cobtenido se mantiene caliente mucho tiempo y lo mejor es que NO se sale el contenido de ninguna manera, lo llevo en el bolso directamente. Hace un par de años que lo tengo y si se rompe no dudaré en comprarme otro igual.\n')
('piera c.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDisappointed in purchase. Mouthpiece stupid design... Leaks to both sides\n')
('EP26', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe love this productBut Be warned they are great as long as you don’t do them up too tight as the rubber seal gets squished and then it leaks.\n')
('Ángel Gomez', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nprodotto ottimo. L'ho acquistato perché già utilizzato da alcuni colleghi e devo ammettere che mantiene le bevande calde a lungo. Non ho ancora avuto modo di sperimentare la tazza con i liquidi freddi. La consiglio\n")
('E', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat cup that does exactly what it says it'll do\n")
('Mrs L Hosfield', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this so I could have a hot drink while playing golf. I make my drink at around 8am and by 12 am it is lukewarm\n')
("Green's friend", '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is great for out n about, picnics and the office. It is really stylish. It has been awesome during Covid -19 at work reducing the time spent in the communal facilities area with shared kettles etc. Keeps tea/coffee very hot for 4 hours and warm (a good drinking temperature) for 6 hours. Makes approx. two medium sized cups in one. I totally recommend this product. We all have one in our family.\n')
('Mr R N Oatley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely great mug for work. Keeps my coffee hot and its really good quality\n')
('Andy Lloyd', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a great looking dirnking flask, I gather Contigo have taken over Avex sadly the design is not as good.This version normally requires two hand to unlock it for dinking and once unlocked the contents can spill it's Avex predecessor was single hand operation and remained leakproof all the time except when actually drinking.It's such a shame that they have tried to improve on perfection and have fallen short by some margin.\n")
('Mitchell walker', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSe ve estupenda. La he probado un día y estoy muy contento. Quizás un poco grande para lo que yo quería, pero muy recomendable. La calidad de ve muy buena y es de fácil apertura tanto para beber como lavar.\n')
('STEPHANE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHaving used this daily for a few months now its absolutely outstanding, easy to clean, never leaks, 10/10\n')
('Alan Guarecuco', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery poor quality stuff, I used only twice and the it was leaking from the cap... The first time I though it was because I did not close it properly and the second time I realized the cap was defective\n')
('Linda J', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nL\'isolamento lo rende comodo per escursioni "lavorative", giusto per uscire da casa e portarsi il caffè per la mattinata. Per l\'estate va bene se rinforzato con qualche cubetto di ghiaccio all\'interno. La struttura è molto resistente e l\'apertura rapida lo rende comodissimo per bere, ovvio che rapidità non va a braccetto con igiene, in quanto rimane esposto ad elementi esterni. Lo uso spesso e mi trovo bene. unica pecca è la guarnizione del tappo, che regge bene ma non l\'ho trovata come ricambio, quindi in futuro forse dovrò cambiare tutto il contenitore.\n')
('MN', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfecto\n')
('Martin', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this to replace cup I have which is not Dishwasher safe. Description says whole thing is dishwasher safe (and so do some reviews) turns out its not the case and only this lid is dishwasher safe. If the flask is coloured and not just stainless steel (which none of these options are) then it is hand wash,\n')
('Fernanda ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWe already use Contigo travel mugs and this one is no different. It's a quality product, solid item. Easy in the hand, fits in the car cupholders no problem and is easy to clean. Keeps my coffee drinkable for a couple of hours. Recommended.\n")
('Usman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nClever sealing and open and close arrangement looks less vulnerable. Recipient loves it. I want one!\n')
('Wesley coleman', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese are the best mugs I have had! Sturdy and easy to use . Keep drinks hot for so long . Would highly recommend .\n')
('J. S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt stays hot for hours, best travel mug I’ve ever used.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon mug. Grande contenance, garde qqes heures au chaud et surtout très bien au frais et ne se renverse pas !\n')
('Roland', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchon nach 4 Wochen löste sich die Gummidichtung aus dem Deckel. Somit war der Becher nicht mehr dicht und auslaufsicher. Die Dichtung konnte ich nicht mehr richtig in den Verschluss befestigen.Primär war der Becher anfangs dicht und hat gut warm und kalt gehalten.\n')
('Dr. A. Choules', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe seal in the lid keeps coming loose, causing it to leak everywhere. When the seal is in the right place it doesn't leak, however it's very fiddly to get it into the right position and there's no guarantee how long it'll stay there.\n")
('Roy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks good even after a few camping trips.Kept the coffee nice and hot for a nice relaxing morning\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUn termo muy práctico. La temperatura la mantiene muy bien y es totalmente estanco. Al colocarlo no se derrama absolutamente nada.Lo único es que la boquilla está un poco dura para abrirla.\n')
('Ivana', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this item in February, really pleased initially. Kept drink hot for 4 ish hours and leak proof. Haven’t used it that regularly but noticed it had leaked a bit and then when I took it apart to clean realised the seal around the top had become too loose hence it’s leaking. Gutted as quite expensive and can’t trust it won’t leak now.\n')
('MRS M A RICHARDS', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery happy with this mug, it keeps my coffee hot in the morning whilst travelling to work. Can highly recommend.\n')
('T Marquis', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this mug!!!! I have seen others wich have grips that I find move but not on this one! I was really impressed with the quality for bot too much money... would definitely recommend.\n')
('Mr Zero', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt would be perfect but, it's every time you must make sure that seal is in place, otherwise it will leak. And i mean will leak terribly. I gave up tonight trying to fit seal back, 10mins with no luck, seems like seal is expanded, and it isn't 1st time that I'm struggling. Wouldn't buy it again, but only because of troubles with seal\n")
('Helen M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFast delivery and doesn’t leak and easy to clean\n')
('Stewart', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ndoesnt stay hot for longer than 2 hours, so could be warmer for longer, and sometimes the little ring seal gets twisted which then, causes a leak\n')
('Joanna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot for hours leak proof easy to clean\n')
('Jobaker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBrilliant.....is most definitely leak proof, keeps hot drinks hot & cold drinks cold. I've stood it upside down on my desk when it's full & it's never leaked....awesome\n")
('Jason Dean', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAdquirí la oferta de los dos terso con infusionador,la calidad es buena, aunque se rayan con facilidad, peroel tema esta en que el infusionador so sirve para estos termos, tengo otro pequeñode la misma marca y tampoco, Si el tema es que no se utilizarlo , que me expliquen como es.muchas gracias\n')
('desaegher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTout simplement, il s'agit du meilleur mug parmi plusieurs produits essayés à ce jour, grande capacité, absence de fuite, conserve bien la chaleur.\n")
('Andreas D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLäuft nicht aus, hält alles drin und bietet eine Menge Platz!\n')
('Erick herrera', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nmon deuxieme achat de la marque. garde bien au chaud, contenance idéale, design agreable, bonne prise en main. Rien a redire\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTrès bon produit, bien étanche même si on secoue le mug.Il garde assez longtemps la chaleur, c'est un bon achat je recommande.\n")
('Mr B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nreally easy to clean and maintain\n')
('Rajiv Pattar', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJust love this thermal mug. Doesn't leak. Have been looking for something like this all my life. Sad but true.\n")
('AlessaUK', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nContigo Byron Mug de voyage isotherme Noir 590... super ! rien à dire à part peut être le prix ...un peu chermais aujourd' hui le mug  n'est plus étanche il fuit par le joint d'ouverture du bouchon , et je ne trouve pas de joint pour le remplacer\n")
('Laura', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this thermos - easy to drink from, stays hot for hours and no leaks\n')
('JYR', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is fantastic really easy to clean and keeps my tea nice and warm for hours so yea well worth the £25\n')
('Loky', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot leak proof at all. Quite the opposite in fact.\n')
('Sandra Janke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove this, fill it up before I walk to work and it's still hot when 4 hours later! I can hold this cup upside down with absolutely no leaks, drips or spills. I hand wash this and there is no issue with the colour of the cup and it looks exactly as the colour I ordered. More than I would usually pay for a travel cup but absolutely worth the money.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe screw on top has a thin gasket in the cap that was not fitted correctly and leaked very bad after on using 3 times\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my drinks hot for a good few hours\n')
('R-j Edwards', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'ai offert ce mug et la personne ne s'en sert par car il donne un gout de métal aux liquides! je suis très déçue!Inutilisable\n")
('Michelle ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHätte mir längeres warm halten, als 3h,gewünscht. Absolut auslaufsiicher\n')
('paul kirkman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm a diesel truck driver and my stops are few. I can refill my container three times before the ice completely melts. And if I put to your coffee it stays hot my entire drive time.\n")
('Matt Proctor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks piping hot for hours!!\n')
('Jim', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery hard to burn yourself\n')
('Anthony', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSafe my lifeb\n')
('Tim Boxall', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente\n')
('Barnsey', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI ordered this mug and gifted it to my sister… from it’s first usage itself it isn’t working..it doesn’t keep the coffee hot for even an hour. Looks like I got either a defective piece or a duplicate one.\n')
('R. Standage', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBien sur il y en a de moins chers. J'en ai testé ! Mais celui là donne toute satisfaction que ce soit dans le chaud comme dans le froid et en terme de qualité aussi ! A recommandé pour moi.\n")
('alessio', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat mug, had so many cups but this one is definitely the best one. Doesn't leak and keep warm for hours\n")
('Huepfburg', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch bin sehr zufrieden mit dem Artikel.Es ist auslaufsicher, optisch sehr schick und hochwertig. Einfach zu reinigen und einfach genau das, was ich mir vorgestellt habe.Ich habe viel zulange gewartet um ein paar Euro mehr in etwas anständiges zu investieren.\n')
('diapason', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm loving this mug.I'll start with my one negative and then move on to the positives. My only issue is the the switch (not sure what to call it) is somewhat difficult to use at first. After a while though it's less stiff and easier to use. It's still a bit tough to use but I guess it should be really.Now the good things:First of all, it really does keep things hot. My carer (I'm disabled) made me a cup of tea but it was too hot to drink so I decided to wait for it to cool. Nearly 2 hours later I remember it and thought it'd be warm at most. It was still too hot to drink!The mug is also lovely to drink from. The area that you drink from is perfectly shaped. It's actually comfortable to drink out of (and I've never even said anything like this about any cup or mug before).The design is beautiful. I got the black one and it really is jet black and as glossy as it appears in the picture. The picture is 100% accurate. The rubber that goes around the cup is very firm and feels like it will last a long time.I was a bit worries about this but the lid is easy to clean. The lids mechanism isn't awkwardly complicated thankfully.And I should add that so far, there's been no issue with leaking, even after I turned it upside down a bunch of times to check :)\n")
('Kazza', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best travel mug I’ve had! Does everything it should- keeps the drink hot for hours, doesn’t leak and looks great too! I’d definitely purchase it again!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought one of these cups app three years ago. I use it every day so I decided to buy myself a new one as a treat. I think it is a little expensive but well worth the money. This one is as good as my original one.\n')
('Cait hannity', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean. Keeps hot drinks warm for a while and keeps cold drinks cool for a long time also. Good buy. Easy to clean. Strong seal to open and close.\n')
('Scorpio', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoes what it's supposed to.  No leaks and keeps my coffee warm for hours.\n")
('Daniel Cilia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was recommended this product by a friend and to start with I was impressed, it kept drinks warm for several hours was leak and spill proof.  However, only last week and I've not had it long I noticed the rubber seal in the lid was loose and snagging, now it is now longer leak proof.  I haven't contacted the company as yet but will do so and let you know what the outcome is.\n")
('Lauren Spencer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot for hours and no leakage, great cup\n')
('wendy chambers', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing\n')
('Shayne Reyes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove this product it's a great the size, colour & quality - just as described!!!\n")
('mike bretherton', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeen using this cup for a few weeks now and so far, it’s been totally leakproof. It keeps your drink very hot when it’s full, so much so that it’s difficult to drink without burning your mouth! Would definitely recommend.\n')
('Helen Unsworth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThermos très efficace mais le problème de revêtement de l'objet qui ce disloque petit à petit après 1 mois d utilisation\n")
('Bambiofthefens', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nReally like this, most I've had leak and fall to bits, this is excellent\n")
('Andrew Laurie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSome people are blatantly lying about this product, saying it will keep your drink warm for 12 hours or some nonsense.  No, it will keep your drink hot for 2-3 hours max, and you should not expect more from it than that.This was designed for people who want a drink to remain hot for a few hours, so it was designed to be thinner and smaller because of that (it would need to be far thicker and bulkier to keep stuff hot longer).  This is not a thermos you take on a fishing trip or something.  This is designed for people who want it on the way to work, on the way to school, to put at your computer desk while you're busy with something.One negative I will say is this was designed to fail in a year or so (maybe far less if you use it every day), you can see the design choice behind the pop opening is to fail and you buying a new one.  The joints and action are going to weaken from constant use, it's going to start leaking or it won't close properly.  Fatigue of the joints are going to break it and that was a choice they made on purpose so you buy another one.  You also can't screw the top off and drink from it that way, so it forces you to use the pop system to wear it out.Aside from that, it does what it's supposed to and it's not too expensive.  When it breaks I'll be buying a different brand.\n")
('Edward A. Mendhe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was really debating whether to buy this i.e. would I use it. But I love it, easy to use, easy to clean, I bought some now for my kids so we have them all for when we go out.\n')
('caroline C', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant does what is should\n')
('Dylan', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnfortunately, the seal warped on the lid which renders the product useless. I have used it for several months and would expect it to last longer than this. Prior to the seal going, the cup was great!\n')
('Freda Garrett', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente como siempre los vasos Contigo son los mejores lo recomiendo al 100%\n')
('Jackson uk', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot worth the price. Tea doesnt remain hot for long and uncomfortable design of mouthpiece. If unscrewed hard to drink as edges sharp.\n')
('PIOTR O.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAcheté pour remplacer un modèle qu'un autre marque qui fuitait je suis enchanté de ce modèle qui est parfaitement étanche. C'est agréable de boire au goulot et il a l'air solide. Par contre la boisson ne reste pas chaude très très longtemps (quelques heures), car il semble que le bouchon ne soit pas isotherme puisqu'il est chaud au toucher contrairement au reste.\n")
('Mr N A Rodgers', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès franchement l’une des meilleures Thermos, le chaud est gardé minimum 5h après 8h c’est tiède. Une très bonne durée pour conserver sa boisson chaude.Produit également de très bonne facture.\n')
('J.O', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDon't leave the house without it.Hasn't leaked and have used it everyday for 3 months.\n")
('Jaroslaw P.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nich benutze diesen Thermobecher (710 ml), fast täglich, seit 5 Jahren. Mit der Auslaufsicherheit und der Wärmeleistung bin ich sehr zufrieden.Jetzt ist der Dichtring im Deckel ausgeleiert, und “Der Lack ist ab“.Auf den Lack hätte man auch besser verzichtet. Er macht den Becher mit der Zeit unansehnlich. Edelstahl pur wäre mein Favorit gewesen, leider nicht im Angebot.Nachteile, aus meiner Sicht:- nicht alle 710 ml sind ausschöpfbar (zu voll wird es undicht),- Deckel nicht zu oft in die Spülmaschine (Dichtung leiert aus),- es gibt kaum Ersatz (z.B. Dichtringe). Ein Deckel ist war im Angebot, allerdings überarbeitet. Ob der aber passt?Trotz der Nachteile werde ich mir diesen Thermobecher erneut kaufen, da die Vorteile, für mich, überwiegen.\n')
('MRS JEAN URQUHART', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRecibí este termo como regalo, aparenta ser algo de calidad, pero ha resultado una decepción:- La estanqueidad se pierde a los pocos usos, la tapa tiene una junta de coma que se desprende con demasiada frecuencia/facilidad, de forma que al roscar es fácil pillarla, haciendo que se pierda la estanqueidad en caso de volcar el termo. Si llega a darse de si esta junta, es muy complicado volver a colocarla para poder cerrar herméticamente el termo.- El seguro está bastante duro y en ocasiones cuesta abrirlo para poder beber- La boquilla no me parece especialmente cómoda.- Tengo la sensación de que no mantiene especialmente bien el calor (en 1h el café ya está solamente tibio)A modo de comentario:- La parte metálica que hay debajo de la tapa, comienza a perder la pintura a los pocos usos.- La goma rugosa por donde se agarra el termo también se dad si, quedando más ancho en la parte superior.Desde luego no lo recomendaría, no siendo además un producto barato...\n')
('Choustof', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCómodo y se mantiene la bebida fría.\n')
('Puli', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRubber seal broke within a few days rendering it usless\n')
('CD1', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good travel mug. I use it every day for work and it’s great.\n')
('Cameron OC', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt was great for keeping my drink hot for hours and I could just throw it in my handbag and not worry about leaking until I'd had it for 6 months and then the seal went causing it to leak as though I was pouring it straight out. Soooooo annoying for something that was by no means a cheap travel mug\n")
('Tamuli', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this impressed by the reviews this product had got. However, After more than a month of usage, I can say that the product is not that great. Being winter season here, I have mostly tested this with hot coffee and tea and can say that it keeps them hot for an hour Max. After an hour, the fluids become warm,it stays warm for about 2 more hours,after which it becomes cold. My plain old Milton thermos flask keeps the water hot for 8 to 10 hours, getting a product for 1.4k, I had expected the temperature to be maintained for atleast 3 hours.\n')
('Barrington Chin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFirst class product keep tea very hor\n')
('Terch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCannot drink from this as the design is very poor. Has got a plastic taste to it. Overall the price is too much for such a design. Having to buy another brand as very unhappy with this one.\n')
('May', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlready had one and wanted another. Drink stays hot no leaks. Fantastic cup\n')
('Alicja P', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher sieht hochwertig aus und liegt gut in der Hand. Er ist schön schmal, so dass er gut in eine Seitentasche vom Rucksack passt. Der Verschluss ist etwas schwer zu bedienen; vielleicht muss sich der Mechanismus erst "einlaufen", aber momentan ist es noch zu schwergängig, um mit einer Hand den Trinkverschluss zu öffnen. Ein bisschen negativ ist auch, dass oben in der Trinköffnung immer etwas Flüssigkeit zurückbleibt, die dann ausläuft, sobald man den Becher schräg hält. Auch können wir ihn nicht in unsere jura-Kaffeemaschine "klemmen", um ihn zu füllen, was bei den emsa-Bechern mit ihrem breiteren Durchmesser kein Problem ist. Aber da kann man sich ja gut anderweitig behelfen.Fazit: Ich würde ihn aufgrund der schmalen Form wieder kaufen, auch finde ich den Verschluss durch seine Einfachheit hygienisch und schnell zu reinigen.\n')
('Annett Lorenz', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSieht edel aus.Hält dicht und liegt gut in der Hand.Durch die Schnapp-matik mit einer Hand leicht zu öffnen.Bin zufrieden.\n')
('Cristian', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nacheté pour offrir.La personne qui l'utilise tous les jours (café pour la fac)est très satisfaite: garde au chaud au moins 5 heures(attention aux brulures possibles) et se lave facilement.Grande contenance bien appréciable\n")
('T.Schmitz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBequemer, schöner Becher.Pflegeleicht\n')
('Yasser', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat value for money. Keeps drinks hot\n')
('Lee Parker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect for intended use. Easy to clean, keeps drinks hot and is good and robust\n')
('Diana Arraia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI really like the mug and the red colour is very nice. If you pour really hot water in it to make a tea, it keeps hot forever but you need to wait a few hours to take a sip! What I do is I make my tea in a cup at home and then pour it in theug, but this way it doesn't keep the drink hot for as long. The only improvement they could do is that the mug underneath is a bit uneven when put on a surface, they could add some silicone or something at the bottom to make it more stable and less easy to slip off a surface.\n")
('juergen bartz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält extrem warm.Kein Tropfen läuft aus.Schönes Design.Jederzeit wieder.\n')
('Alan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good travel mug. Very good quality.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCertainly keeps your drink hot but the way the drinking hole is designed means you can't 'sip' your drink to cool it slightly which results in you burning your top lip before you can drink it. This means you have to leave your drink for AGES to cool down before you can drink it comfortably......kind of defeating the point of it......maybe its just me....\n")
('Sandra Guilfoyle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHave bought this product twice now a d both times the lid seal has become loose after less than 12 weeks of usage.\n')
('shyboy31', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat mug, good build quality and keep drinks warm for ages. The snap seal is sturdy and no issues with leaking.The opening is just a bit small for my liking so drinking very hot drinks (and they will stay very hot for so long) is a bit difficult. Have had to start putting cold water into my tea to cool it before using otherwise I can't drink it for about 2 hours, so may be ideal for some uses like camping.\n")
('Linda', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMaximální spokojenost\n')
('Nofretete', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVerwende die Flasche für Tee oder warmes Wasser. Flasche ist durch die Gummierung griffig und gut zu halten. Der Deckel mit der Öffnung ist gewöhnungsbedürftig, lässt sich auch nicht leicht öffnen! Es wäre super, wenn am Boden  ebenso ein Gummirand vorhanden wäre! Ab und an läuft plötzlich was aus!!! Warum wurde hier nicht der Verschluss wie bei den alten Contigoflaschen genommen! Ich würde sie nicht mehr kaufen.\n')
('mobile0170', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSoweit ganz ok aber liegt der Behälter tritt der Inhalt aus echt ärgerlich 😠\n')
('Florian Jastrow', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr gut danke\n')
('Ash', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes not keep coffee hot for very long. The drinking hole sits inside a curve the makes the coffee run to the sides when you tip the cup up. This makes the liquid pour out past the side ls of your mouth and on you.\n')
('Frequent shopper', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust be careful to put the lid on correctly.If you do tgat this cup will keep your brew hot all day.\n')
('True Words', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnderneath metal of the flask broke off after a few months of use.\n')
('Berserkette', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo I bought this product as it had pretty decent reviews, I’ve had this for under 3 months, I was so happy with this product and thought I had made a great purchase (and if the seal hadn’t come loose then it still would be a great purchase) however now the seal is broken I can’t even take a sip of the drink with the lid on as the liquid just spills out where the lid screw in, I’m sad\n')
('Fiona Tovey ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSpot on nice and big stay hot longer\n')
('Laura', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good product. Drinks stay hot for many hours and it’s totally leak proof.\n')
('Susan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is by far the best for keeping your drink warm. I make a cup of tea in work at 7.30 only trouble is I can't drink it until around 10.30.\n")
('Sonne', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMeiner Meinung nach der beste Becher auf dem Markt. Öffnen, schließen, kein Nachlaufen. Einfach top\n')
('Francisco Estrada', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTout simplement génial, et tout simplement ce qu’on est en droit d’attendre de n’importe quel thermo.Étanche (même à l’envers...), garde bien la chaleur (7h approuvées), c’est parfait !\n')
('buntschatten', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist der beste Thermobecher den ich kenne!! Wir haben schon mehrere ausprobiert!!! Aber dieser hier ist der beste!!! Kaltes bleibt sehr lange kalt!! Was vorallem im Sommer echt gut war und heißes bleibt ebenfalls sehr lange heiß!! Was sehr gut für die Arbeit ist!!! Man hat immer heißen Kaffee oder Tee!!!Meine Tochter nimmt sogar Kohlensäurehaltige Getränke mit und er bleibt dicht!!! Allerdings darf man ihn dann nicht so voll machen und man muss vorsichtig sein beim Öffnen!!! Da dann druck drauf ist!! Aber das ist auch bei heißen Getränken so!! Also aufpassen!!!Dieser Becher ist ne klare Kaufempfehlung und die Farben Auswahl ist auch klasse!!!\n')
('Carole K', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ntutto ok molto bello  conservazione del freddo  excelente  prodotto molto resistente il tappo un poco piccolo pero tutto ok grazie\n')
('KSO', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStays hot for hours\n')
('Fernando', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJe l'utilise actuellement et par temps froid voir glaciale. L'eau reste bien chaude toute une matinée.Je recherchais un thermos ou je pouvais boire au goulot J'adore l'utilisé, il est très pratique, ne fuit pas n'est pas brulant a la prise en main. Quantité suffisante pour ma part\n")
('Cieran f.', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nUsed it once and it rusted in the bottom, is that supposed to happen? Sent it back for a refund about a month ago and still haven’t had a refund back! Not sure if it’s a knock off ! Be careful!\n')
('Vanessa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes not keep your drink warm for they long at all\n')
('Juan Carlos De Sousa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'adore ce mug. Il est tellement pratique et garde la boisson chaude pendant toute une journée.  Je ne regrette pas  de l'avoir acheté\n")
('Mr T', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAmazing for 1st 2 months and then rubber seal goes on lid,bought twice now hoping I was just unlucky 1st time and because at 1st it's so good but even after been ultra careful with 2nd one (gentle hand-wash ect) the seal has now gone on my 2nd one so also leaks badly,disappointed too expensive for 2 months use\n")
('Shock747', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is hands down the best travel mug I’ve ever had, drinks stay warm for hours and it’s not had any leaks. My only qualm is with the lid itself, because you can’t get into every little crevice I’m worried it can’t be cleaned properly, but I’ve not noticed any odd smells or anything, so I’m assuming it’s fine :)\n')
('Alwen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHave been using this cup for work since April always hand washed . The bottom plate has just fallen out which is not good now making the item unusable. Was extremely pleased with it up till now.\n')
('Phynn Gyasi Quainoo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngood mug but over priced.\n')
('Sofia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEinfach toll. Genau das was ich gesucht habe für die Arbeit. Mein Tee bleibt lange heiß und die Menge ist genau richtig. Bis jetzt läuft auch nichts aus auch wenn die Thermosflasche mal in der Tasche umfällt. Ich hoffe ich hab lange was davon und Sie bleibt auch so schön von aussen.Lieferung ging Super schnell.\n')
('darren scott', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente Vaso térmico… muy útil… 100% recomendable\n')
('Madridi788', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJestem mega zachwycona, kubek trzyma ciepło bardzo długo, nie zmienia smaku kawy, wreszcie pije w pracy gorąca kawe\n')
('Josh Dempsey', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my son to take to work.He’s happy because it’s large enough, and keeps it hot for hours!\n')
('Carla', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOrdered this for my wife who has a 45 min drive to work each day. She has had several designs of these over the years but this was the most difficult to drink from. It also keeps the drink too hot , great if you want to drink it two hours later ( or even longer i suspect ) but not if you get to work in 45 mins . We have also found that the stainless steel mugs affect the taste of the tea . Going back to a China mug with a rubber top . Great sealing mechanism though .\n')
('2CentsWorth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nthe product itself is excelent and very fast delivery, I paid for two of the item,  one at £18.16 and £19.46, a different price for  different colours,  However after purchasing and showing  one of the mugs to my neice, she showed me the exact same mug which she purchased at a local store for £12.00 for any colour, so in my opinon i accept that price for items may vary in price,however  to pay £6 and £7 more for same item, to me is just a dreadful overcharge\n')
('Mr. Ian R. Jones', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese are Good They Keep hot drinks hot and in the summer cold drinks Cold Double bubble\n')
('good but work needed', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoesn’t leak and keeps drinks hot (not just warm) for hours\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo prodottoCome marca è la migliore\n')
('J H.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLoved it until the base fell off 6 months later. Not impressed.. and cant return on Amazon  as over 4 weeks since order and manufacturing flaw clearly as in perfect condition otherwise...\n')
('Alex.R', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas soll ich sagen, sieht gut aus und funktioniert\n')
('Vivi L.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOut of 6 insulated cups this does exactly what it states. I make tea in cup to take to bed and it’s still warm in the morning so I can have it throughout the night, I’m a crap sleeper as I’m disabled an can’t get down stairs it’s ideal. Also I take it out and leave it in my car throughout the day an it’s still relatively hot when I’m on my way home. It also survived me dropping it n rolling down the road, didn’t leak or get dents!  Best one to buy\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI liked the design and the amount of liquid it holds and it doesn’t leak, but after a couple of hours it loses heat. Had I known it would cool relatively quickly I would have stuck to my trusted thermos flask.  Unfortunately it was waste of money for me.\n')
('barthez84maxou', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSe sale el líquido no recomiendo este modelo. Es un producto muy caro para que no cumpla con su función\n')
('Nick', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly used this for two days and the paint is already peeling off. It’s only been hand washed as I don’t have a dishwasher. It’s a real shame as it’s a nice mug that keeps drinks hot.\n')
('Brandt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCool\n')
('Andrea', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good product. Well made. Was bought for my wife when she is stood watching our local ladies football team. Keeps drinks hot for hours.\n')
('Ms. C. Beak', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is, in the grand scheme of things, a great travel cup.I'm just very disappointed that having used it for 3 months, the seal in the lid has failed\n")
('Joanna', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee hot for a lot longer\n')
('Bishbosh', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally pleased with this product, it is as described.\n')
('Hanna', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach einiger Zeit brach die Beschichtung ab\n')
('Miss J R', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is one of the best travel mugs I have purchased and the contents stay hot for hours!\n')
('BINKSYBOY', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nResistente. Da calidez a las bebidas y las mantiene. Fácil de limpiar. No se derrama. Lo único que es un poco duro el botón para poder abrir la boquilla para tomar. Un poco pesado, pero no tanto. Me lo he llevado varias veces para hacer senderismo y no ha molestado. De resto super bien el producto.\n')
('GrahamRonan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a present. Kept the hot drink hot for 8 hrs\n')
('Dagmawit', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice cup and it keeps the drink piping hot for hours or freezing cold for even longer.The coloured ones lose their colour coating very quickly so you end up with a stainless steel one all too soon.Also, the drink function is one handed and works well with one caveat; it can be accidentally activated if you put it in a bag, so being careful will save your drink.\n')
('Mrs Tea', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe drinking part is not what I expected at all and it's not great.\n")
('UK Abroad', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my daughter to use at uni. I love mine, hope she likes hers as much.\n')
('John Fulvio Viney Trabucco', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOttimo, tiene bene la temperatura delle bevande calde e la valvola con il gommino non fa gocciare nemmeno se messo a testa i  giu'. Spettacolare\n")
('Pranava Rajavel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this , can put lid on top shelf in dishwasher too!  Keeps drinks hot and doesn’t leak and looks fab\n')
('Jamil', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWärmeverlust am DeckelIch habe den Becher seit ca. 1 Jahr in Benutzung.Im Sommer mit kaltem Getränk jetzt mit Heißgetränk.Speziell bei heißen Getränken merkt man, dass am Deckel die Wärme verloren geht.Der Edelstahlbehälter bleibt relativ kühl.Die Dichtigkeit ist bis jetzt Top ! Mit einer Hand aufmachen, trinken, mit einer Hand zumachen, auf den Autositz knallen und ok ! Kein Tropfen läuft aus.Nur die Trinköffnung könnte etwas ergonomischer sein. Beim ersten Schluck habe ich mich besudelt. Wenn man sich daran gewöhnt hat geht's.\n")
('greg', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEsta bastante bien\n')
('alejandra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood size capacity, and leakproof and keeps things warm as promised. Disappointingly, the colour was flaking off before I even used it. I figured it would wear eventually, but particularly if washed in the dishwasher, but these photos were taken as I lifted it out of the box. Shame really, as I’d love to give it 5 stars.\n')
('Manufan92', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI like the new thermal mug.It does keep things hot for a long time.  In fact after using other thermal mugs, I have to be careful I don't burn myself with this one as it so much better at keeping drinks hot.At first the mug had a funny taste when making a drink (even though it was washed out a couple of times before use).  However this has faded after several uses.So far so good - happy with purchase.\n")
('angela clarke', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKepos my drink hot for a good few hours and still drinkable for about 4 hrs. It seems to fit into .out cup holders, so around nifty little leak proof drinks container\n')
('ilaria', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nexcellent produit... c'est le 2eme à la maison et franchement rien à redire... il garde au chaud super longtemps et pour une buveuse de thé comme moi j'adore tout simplement !!! bonne prise en main et résistant.celui ci a une très grande contenance mon fils l'a adopté de suite...\n")
('Machar', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was given one of these as a present and was so impressed I bought 2 more to gift to others. They look great, keep hot drinks hot for hours and best of all the are completely leak proof. I have had mine full and rolling around in the bottom of a rucksack on hikes with no leaks. Very impressed and highly recommend.\n')
('Christelle', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSpettacolareTiene il calore un saccoPesa poco si port bene in giroSi vede che è tra le migliori in commercio\n')
("Michelle O'Rourke", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDon’t bother. Leaks from the lid, gave my coffee a bad rubbery taste and didn’t even keep it particularly hot. Looks nice but it’s completely useless.\n')
('JEAN MIGUEL LOZANO FARIA', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo dicho, lo he probado varias veces para llevar café al trabajo, y por mas que he hervido la leche, a las cinco horas el café tibio. Además transmite calor a través del vaso. Quizás valga mas para bebidas frías, pero no lo he probado.\n')
('Victoria', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\ntrès belle et très bonne thermos ,maintient très bien au chaud !\n')
('STB', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEstoy usando el producto para llevar café al trabajo y aunque al principio era estanco, ahora mismo debo mantenerlo en vertical para que no haya fugas. Es práctico y fácil de limpiar.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin wirklich formschöner Thermobecher, er liegt prima in der Hand und lässt sich durch den Einhand- Mechanismus auch unterwegs öffnen. Er schließt zuverlässig und macht auch wirklich dicht. Wenn man den Deckel ordentlich drauf schraubt ist alles kein Problem Der Kunststoff-Ring stellt einen sicheren Halt sicher. Die Trinkmulde oben macht das Trinkvergnügen perfekt. Die farbigen Behälter dürfen auf keinen Fall in die Spülmaschine!!! Sonst ist der Lack schnell ab. Ein Stern Abzug gibt es für die verkürzte Wärmeisolation: maximal 4 Stunden.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThought I give it a try due to being cheaper than the nonsense I had brought before and I don't regret it at all.\n")
('Bonsai Tree', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am so pleased with this travel mug, I have also purchased one for my daughter for when we meet outside and a larger one for work. Keeps my coffee warm all morning. Easy to clean. A colleague has also now purchased one. Highly recommend.\n')
('Tonyeastgate', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs perfecto, se mantiene caliente, se limpia facilmente y no se derrema.Deberian hacerlo en otros colores.\n')
('Jaymus', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente producto, la marca Contigo es mi favorita y ahora la de mi marido, es un producto que no te defraudara, elige cualquiera y serás feliz con la compra además del valor, es más económico acá que en USA.es excelente para conservar agua fría por largas horas, también para agua caliente. No te arremetieras\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCompletely bobbins, I’m afraid.I’ve tried to drink it through that little hole in the lid but found it impossible to do so without scalding my top lip and ending up in the burns unit of the local hospital. And it doesn’t fit in the cup holder in me motor car.\n')
('Paul flower', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good but I tend to use it for cold drinks most of the time as hot drinks stay to hot to drink for too long! its a very good thermal mug.\n')
('vivi', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlways used this brand and lately the new batch is a step backwards,and can’t seem to find one with a handle anymore.\n')
('a rae', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBuenísimo\n')
('chris walker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely amazing.Definitely keeps my brew hot, too hot really 4 hours plus. But does what it says.Would buy again if needed and value for money!\n')
('Martin B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRubbish\n')
('Maureen Kelly', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like the fact the lid closure mechanism is not complica5ed as some tend to be.Works well keeping the contents hot.\n')
('eileen wilson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant travel mug, very happy with our purchase\n')
('Edward Johnsone', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality product thanks\n')
('Tirmary', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI found it difficult to drink from without throwing my head back.Outer feels tinny and cheap. Not confortable to hold. Is leakproof.BUT my coffee didn't even stay hot for 2 hrs. Long car journey with lukewarm coffee at 2 hrs and cold at 3 Wouldn't recommend\n")
('YS', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had high hopes for this product but it’s been really disappointing. I only drink tea but drinking it from this mug gives it a really funny unpleasant taste but I decided to and persevere with it as it wasn’t cheap! Unfortunately the seal poppped out after a month of use and now won’t go back in correctly, and so it’s no longer leak proof :-( It’s only ever been hand washed as well. So, after a month of use, it’s going in the bin. I wouldn’t recommend it.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Trink - bzw Thermobecher. Tolles easy quick system. Guter Gripp zum festhalten, dank toller Gummierung. 590 ml Trinkmenge.\n')
('Daniel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTien les boissons chaudes pendant longtemps\n')
('S', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was expecting a lot more from this.I usually fill my cup with boiling water, swish it around a bit to heat the inside and tip it out. Then, two shots of espresso and some steamed milk up to the brim. This is usually about 75C+ when it gets shut.By the time I get to work 2 hours later, it's only just hot enough to drink. So I'm not quite sure where people are getting 7-8 hours keeping things hot even if they're the type of people who boil (and therefore spoil) coffee and milk. I then tried just having black coffee in there and the situation wasn't much better by the time I got to work. I dread to think what this would be like in the winter, presently we're in a 30C heatwave and it still doesn't keep things hot for long!\n")
('Miss A J Shields', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love this and take it everywhere. Keeps drinks hot and doesn't leak. Looks great too. What's not to like? Buy it.\n")
('Marion', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug, keeps drink warm for ages. Two reasons though for the lower rating: first, in the image it looks much taller than it actually is and second, this is the second one I’ve had to buy because the first lid broke and the customer service from contigo was non-existent.\n')
('Mark Williamson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLlevo años usando la marca contigo, recomendada!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is fantastic at keeping your hot drink hot....red hot in fact, for hours!The rubber gasket seal keeps coming out and causing unexpected leaking, which isn't great with a hot drink.\n")
('Gavin Sadler', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBon thermos. Après 1 an d'utilisation on remarque quelques éraflures du revêtement mais juste en surface à force d'être malmené dans mes différents sacs à mains. Il garde au chaud plusieurs heures sans problème. L'astuce pour garder au chaud plus longtemps : verser de l'eau bouillante dans le thermos, le refermer, attendre 10/15min, le vider et y verser votre boisson.\n")
('Florencia Pezzola Rodriguez', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is an excellent product, no leaks and keeps your drink hot for 5/6 hours\n')
('Cornelia Gela', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper useful and the red color is mega cool\n')
('Flower68', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLovely vibrant colour, holds more than  1 cups worth and keeps the drink piping hot all day.\n')
('Pammy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDon't have any problems with these drinker flasks! They're perfect and keep the heat in!\n")
('SLY', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally disappointed as the reviews looked promising ,  it leaked coffee all in my bag.  Despite how tight I tried to make it it still seeped out.  It was still a nice hot drink but ruined my bag .\n')
('Reneelesson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe have got 2 of these they both  leak and the lids dont fit correctly.\n')
('Luisa von Salm', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\n👍\n')
('Michele', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs un buen vaso térmico pero lo único que cambiaria o vería la forma de mejorar en la goma que trae dentro de la tapa que si aprietas mucho al tapar se mueve y sale de su lugar haciendo que el vaso pierda el líquido si se voltea o mueve mucho cuando está lleno de líquido… si lo tratas con cuidado entendiendo cómo funciona la goma esa funciona perfecto.\n')
('bev', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBig enough for a cup and a half of coffee.Appears to keep it warm for a few hours ( I do put hot water in when making the coffee to get it warmed up, then tip away before pouring in the coffee)The opening mechanism is a good idea and no problem drinking from the cup.So far, no leaks or spills.Far better than messing around with a flask, cups and spoons.  Just have one of these each and make each coffee to order in advance.\n')
('Catie Jones', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely love it 🥰\n')
('gina corba', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDecent quality for the price but kid gets really hot and therefore looses heat quickly. After making a black coffee and securing the lid lifted the cap and a rapid pressure release caused scalding hot coffee to cover the ceiling! Good job I wasn’t driving or it was near my face!? There is no modulation with the lid it is either fully open or closed therefore the massive pressure release. I will return to using my Avex cup (far better quality and gradual pressure release button). I would advise people to cover with a cloth away from the face when opening if soon after filling! Which is kind of the point!?\n')
('Graeme Sinclair', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bien\n')
('D. Thierry', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCalidad indiscutible, mantiene las cosas calientes varias horas\n')
('Manhal', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Thermo-ToGo-Becher! Die Trinköffnung ist am Rand, nicht in der Mitte, das war für mich eines der wichtigsten Merkmale, denn dann ist nicht immer der ganze Deckel eingesaut, wenn man trinkt! Hält super warm, allerdings spüle ich ihn vor Benutzung ganz heiß aus! Und das allerwichtigste für Benutzung im Auto, der Becher ist absolut dicht!\n')
('BW', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWarum ist kein Branding auf der Thermoskanne?\n')
('Joao Pinto', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHaving read many reviews, I finally settled on this hoping it would keep hot drink actually hot. In fact , after two hours the coffee was little more than tepid. Even filling flask with boiling water and leaving it 3 hours it was useless, just warm water.I notice that my local supermarket is selling this for far less than I paid......so doubly disappointed.Its only plus points are its design and easy to clean.\n')
('Maria ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product keeps drink hot for ages\n')
('Sally Morgan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is exactly what I needed a leak proof cup that keeps my hot drinks hot for hours.I would recommend letting the water cool to your desired temperature before securing the lid as it will remain the same for hours.I always hand wash my cup to keep it looking at its best.\n')
('Mrs Julie Kingham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad hoped my drink made at 8am would still be warm at noon but it’s not\n')
('Matt Baxter', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTake this to work with me and it keeps my coffee hot for hrs. I have a very active job  and don't always have access to a kettle.so this is perfect for me\n")
('carla john', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood insulation, nice design and leak proof, little annoying to clean\n')
('Orlando', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it says on the tin! Leakproof ✅ Keeps coffee warm at least 3 hours ✅ I like the spout for drinking out of!\n')
('Bellazizi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt doesn't keep my drinks as hot as some other Contigo bottlese I have.  But if is okay for keeping it warm for and hour or two.It leaked first two times but I think it is fine now. I just keep it in the side pocket of my bag, just in case.But okay bottle\n")
('Bargain hunter', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWhile this product is  very good in terms of being leakproof, convenient, easy to clean etc it falls down in its basic requirement, ie to keep a hot drink hot. I fill it with piping hot coffee in the morning and 3 hours later it is barely luke warm, waste of money\n')
('P. A. Vaughan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is a dangerous product as the top projects out like a projectile due to pent up pressure . Afterwards it is leaking and cannot be used anymore . Not recommended at all ! Amazon should recommend this sort of hazardous product at all .\n')
('Robyn', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drink hot  when your a busy rugby 🏉 mum\n')
('rawdio1981', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBuy extra seals now!\n')
('Tiana', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuesta stazza è ottima. Ermetica non gocciola, trasportandola nello zaino in montagna dove più volte lo zaino è stato capovolto e sbattuto non ha ceduto neanche una goccia.\n')
('bertie cooper', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeak proof, and a great size!\n')
('Franziska C', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher, schön und an der Trinkstelle gut zu reinigen! Hält ca. 2 Std. heiß und bis zu 4 Std warm.\n')
('Lisa', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is exactly what I needed. Keeps the beverage hot and is in my experience 100% leak-proof. I even dare to have it rattling around in my bag right next to my music-sheets and books without worrying.\n')
('beverley Walsh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy bueno y aguanta muchísimo el calor.\n')
('Sweeny', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDelighted with this flask, simple to use, definitely no leaks. Easy to fill and easy to clean. Not the cheapest option, but buy cheap and you buy twice.\n')
('Sandro', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMug was perfect when it arrived and used it straight away but after about a month the rubber seal inside the lid came loose so I had to force it back in. It won't go in fully so keeps coming loose so leaking is guaranteed unless I check it every time. Would avoid\n")
('R T Grandon', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent quality. Does not leak at all. Only issue I have is I reckon the colour paint will come off in the dishwasher.\n')
('Marta', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent\n')
('Lucia', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLe mug est tout à fait étanche, ce qui était mon premier critère. Je suis maladroite et je le trimballe dans le métro parisien tous les matins (enfin pas en ce moment) et pour l’instant pas d’accident à déplorer.Il est plutôt beau en noir mat, ce qui n’est pas aisé pour ce genre d’objet.Le pont faible est la promesse de chaleur.. je ne vois pas mon café très chaud, et pourtant je le trouve trop froid après 3-4h dans le Thermos.\n')
('ablo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAll ok. I’m happy with that order.\n')
('Marta Izquierdo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly lasted 1 week before seal started to leak. Very easy to cross thread as they are very thin plastic threads. I would avoid\n')
('Tina Hall', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought 4 of these, all have allowed hot drinks to go cold within an hour or less.  Awful.  Back to using one from primark clearance which keeps drinks warmer.  So disappointed and even more gutted I'm just out of the window to return it.I didn't realise as I tend to drink mine in the car not long after making it, I laws and husband gave up on theirs pretty much straight away.It says dishwasher proof but may damage the paint on outside, we never dishwashed them\n")
('Lloyd72', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the best thermos cup I have used. Never had a issue with It leaking and it’s great for putting in a bag and grabbing out for a few sips of coffee when on the go!\n')
('Puffer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug, keeps drinks extremely warm and never leaks. Would definitely recommend\n')
('B.P.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nErst eine Woche in Benutzung aber dafür tadellos! Hält lange warm und der Verschluss lässt sich gut mit meiner (kleinen) Hand öffnen.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'adore la marque Contigo. A mon avis, la meilleure marque de thermos. J'en ai acheté plusieurs et je suis satisfaite.Complètement étanche. Garde au chaud moins que ses petits frères, mais cela reste acceptable\n")
('Arek Jermakowicz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps the drink hot for a lot longer than a paper cup you would normally get your drink in. And I have had no leaks from it yet.\n')
('Dan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI is a nice vessel to hold and it keeps your drinks hot for hours but it is not at all comfortable to drink from, I have used a number of these although i like it, it is definitely the worst i have had for easy drinking.\n')
('Shizan Steger', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy útil y sin fugas. Mantiene la temperatura perfectamente y durante bastante tiempo. Una buena Ensa opción para llevar el café por las mañanas.\n')
('BigDee', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nStylish, even thoug quite big it is still easy to hold, does not get warm outside at all, the rubber band brings comfort, too. Keeps hot for ages, no spilling.\n')
('Ephraim', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug\n')
('Jessica k', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI use this daily for work. Make a hot drink before I leave for work at 7am and its still drinkable at lunchtime. Love the fact that it doesn't leak as I work in a class of 4 year olds so i know its safe if i forget where ive left it :). Easy to clean.\n")
('Giuseppe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI originally thought this was a great product however it now leaks when trying to taking a drink. Disappointing as I thought it would last far longer than a handful of uses.\n')
('Art72', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was bought mine as a gift and always recommend it to friends and colleagues. My tea stays warm for hours which is perfect when out working in the community with no chances to stop. I was so impressed with it, I’ve bought one for my other half. Doesn’t leak even when upside down in my bag and it fits in a standard car cup holder!\n')
('Du, Es & Ich', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs hält ewig heiß, wenn denn die Dichtung im Deckel länger als 5 Monate halten würde.Für diesen Preis hätte ich mehr erwartet.\n')
('Lozza', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMantiene la temperatura por muchas horas\n')
('Martin8813', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps the drink nice and hot, good quality product. Not leaking. My only complaint is that it is a little tricky to drink from, the fluid can go either side of the mouth when taking a sip so spilling is a high risk\n')
('Brendan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy buena , hermética\n')
('Cordelia', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDisappointed with this item, it’s been used a handful of times since purchased and the seal has gone, so the cup now leaks. Is this normal? Or faulty?Frustrating because otherwise have been really pleased with keeping the drink hot and it’s a very stylish mug.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBester Thermobecher! Hält ca 6 Stunden warm!\n')
('Deimante Tilindyte', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy bonito pero lo usé poko ya q no aguanta mucho la temperatura en invierno\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product and decent size!\n')
('s.philp', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis thermal mug keeps your hot drink hot for hours. A brilliant product for when you are on the go!\n')
('Rubén', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOMG the best one I’ve ever had!!! Caffeine freak keeps me sane all morning till lunch! It’s bigggg if your for the dainty it’s not for you!! Easy to clean bicarbonate hot water leave soak I do this weekly fresh for start working week!! No leakage unless you leave the flip open!!\n')
('Sally Elvins ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese are absolutely fantastic flasks. Metal lining so none of that plastic taste when you drink your brew. Mine has never leaked and it keeps my brew at a drinkable temperature for over 8 hours even in cold outdoor conditions. Can’t recommend these enough.\n')
('Marion Bäsell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDeckel von dem Trinkbecher wird extrem heiß, sodass die Wärme schnell weg ist und man kaum trinken kann. Habe sie für meinen Mann gekauft für den LKW, aber die schwere Öffnung macht es kaum möglich ihn mit einer Hand aufzumachen. Des Weiteren ist nach kurzer Zeit der Lack abgeplatz. Da gibt es weitaus bessere Kannen für weniger Geld. Leider ist das der einzige Trinkbecher in der Größe den ich gefunden habe und nach den guten Rezensionen habe ich Ihn gekauft, leider ein Fehler.\n')
('Anna', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nliegt schön in der Hand - sieht super aus - läuft nicht aus - großes Fassungsvermögen - passt ins Auto, aber sperrig, was wegen der Größe klar ist, aber passt :-)\n')
('sd72', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper drinks mug . Replaced a damaged Costa mug which had been great until accident. The Contigo is easy to drink from, keeps drinks very warm and is easy to clean would definitely recommend.\n')
('TL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps me tea hot for hours, so great if your on a trip for in the car. My 4th one I've bought.\n")
('Rusta', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad one of these before and stayed warm ages. This one is useless. Outside gets very warm to the touch and hence loses its heat quickly.\n')
('K K', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter 12 months minimal use, mine leaks where the plastic lid screws onto the metal, fully tightened.Update: the lid was replaced free of charge\n')
('ryan', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\ntrès bon mug de grand capacité, très bonne qualité ,étanche ,plus de 10h a bonne température ,agréable au touché rein a dire .\n')
('mr steven astrop', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nYep, keeps my coffee hot for hours.\n')
('Aleksander', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchön anzufassen, Farbe wie abgebildet und dicht. Leider passt er nicht in die Getränkehalterungen von Skoda.\n')
('simon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSturdy, leak proof, looks good, keeps it hot. Worth spending a bit more on this for a quality product.\n')
('aadil', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my husband and it keeps drinks hot for hours\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought for £9.Excellent product, as a few have said keeps you coffee or whatever hot for a few hours, I have tow drinks over a 9 hour work day, one made in the morning before my short commute and at no point in the day won't my coffee be hot.Best I have bought, the Snapdeal works very well and keeps hot.Only downside is, first hour of the day I keep it sealed and is very hot when first go to drink.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDesign classique mais élégant, large bague caoutchoutée pour ne pas glisser ou se brûler, étanchéité parfaite. Maintien de la température très convenable à froid comme à chaud (je n\'ai pas prolongé au delà de 4 h).Facile à ouvrir ; un peu difficile à nettoyer : il faut des mains pas trop large. Facile à utiliser, on appuie et hop. On referme en sens inverse. Pas besoin de mode d\'emploi. Ce qui est un peu déroutant c\'est le fait qu\'on ne trempe pas ses lèvres comme dans un verre. La sensation est plus proche de ces bouteilles à bouchon "sportif".L\'intérieur est en inox, donc pas de crainte de voir l\'ampoule de verre casser au moindre choc, comme dans certains modèles. La contenance est importante : 590 ml. Si vous le videz 2 fois, vous aurez fait un grand pas dans l\'hydratation !Thé et infusion à préparer avant de refermer : il n\'y a pas d\'accessoire permettant d\'infuser à l\'intérieur (cf. modèle West Loop), et c\'est dommage.\n')
('Amanda Boyce', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTout est dans le titre. Nous avons acheté ce mug pour le thé de manière à conserver une température correcte sur plusieurs heures... nous ne sommes pas déçus car la promesse faite et pour le coup bien tenue... ça garde très bien au chaud.Les bons points sont donc la fonction Thermos qui est parfaite, la prise en main là aussi très bien le tout sans se bruler, la sobriété, l’étanchéité et la contenance de plus de 500 mL sans que toutefois le produit ne soit trop encombrant. Finalement, le petit bémol serait au niveau du bouchon qui peut être un peu chaud mais sans plus...Nous recommandons\n')
('Lucien D', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnfortunately the flask stopped keeping drinks hot for very long after a couple of weeks.\n')
('Greg', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this cup. I get and nice cup of tea in the morning and afternoon, my drink was less warm after about 5 hours.\n')
('F', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMir gefällt der thermobecher sehr gut. Schöne Farbe. Handlich. Hält was er verspricht.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my second contigo cup great product great price fast delivery\n')
('Dominique Keogh', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSeemed OK.\n')
('Sandra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nQuality product\n')
('michael', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best i ever tried. It keep hot over 5 hours . Love it!\n')
('David Gardiner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFa quello che ti aspetti. Provata sia con caldo che con freddo tiene molto bene. Effettivamente l'imbocco da cui bere è un po' da starci attenti perché se si inclina più del necessario ci si bagna ma niente di preoccupante se lo usa un adulto.\n")
('Ryan Green', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeen using this for around 4-5 months now and amImpressed. Although the outside gets warm, it doesn’t leak when thrown in a bag and jostled around.The grip really does help prevent accidentally drops. Easy to drink from. I only occasionally drink a proper brew with milk so don’t know how long term coffee use would be.\n')
('Kevin Primera', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve tried thermal cups before and they keep a drink warm for a short while but this one kept it piping hot. It was actually too hot to drink when I first tried. The longest I have ever had a drink in it was five hours and it was as hot at the end as it was at the beginning. It’s very secure, no leaks at all in my bag, it has an easy grip layer around the middle, very important when your hand grip isn’t too good, and never feels hot to touch. I originally bought one for a present and ended up getting one for myself. I would definitely recommend\n')
('Sohail Ghani', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug ever stays hot for hours and doesn’t leak I would highly recommend\n')
('Coraline', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe seal on the inside of the lid keeps coming loose so several times it has leaked in my bag, it doesn't keep liquid warm for the length of time described really disappointed with this item and value for the money\n")
('mark cochrane', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIn my opinion these the are the best in the Market for Price you can pay 30.00 pounds for the same sort of mug. I filled with hot Water at 17:00 at 21:30 still very hot at0930 still Luke warm well worth the money I bought 2.Highly recommend\n')
('seabulle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat product, really needed for bringing beverages around without risk of burning! Only issue: bit difficult to clean the base without a tool avoiding scratches\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIts not the same product l bought before really feel cheated\n')
('Francesco Micillo', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAprès plusieurs essais infructueux (Bodum et autres marques) pour trouver un mug ETANCHE,  je suis parfaitement satisfait par celui-là !Les plus :Conservation de la chaleur fidèle à la descriptionRéellement étanchePossible à ouvrir à une mainLes moins :On les cherche encore !\n')
('Giovanna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect\n')
('S Rahman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nVeramente funzione.. Non ne troverete un'altra uguale.. Mantiene le bevande calde a lungo oltre le 6 ore.. La utilizzo per le tisane.. Le preparo alle 8 di mattina e il pomeriggio alle 15 è ancora calda\n")
('Beatriz Cabañas Contreras', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeen using this daily since 21st Feb. Very good travel mug and keeps my coffee hot for ages. Wish I had got one sooner. Solid and reliable.\n')
('Matthew Havelock brown', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo amazed at how long it keeps a drink Hot! It’s completely leak proof and really pleased with it.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCompletely useless as the seal broke after only about a dozen uses tops.  Very disappointing.\n')
('Vinny Shepherd', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nInitially loved it - but now the rubber seal / gasket inside the lid has started to deform / degrade, such that it no longer seals properly - so it leaks.  I will add a video later - but may be I just got a poor one.  However, the rubber clutch has now started to slip, twist and slide from inside its indented track.  I have only ever hand washed it and use it for 1 coffee a day at work.  It one of the most expensive of its type and I spent more in the hope of quality / longevity.  It should have lasted way longer than this.  Hopefully Contigo will see this review and send a replacement, in which case I will amend this review but for now its an avoid from me.\n')
('Jey', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nItem delivered damaged with a big dent on the side of the container, clearly damaged prior to packing if, which arrived intact\n')
('supergran', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe seal in the lid started to fail within the first week.\n')
('Ulrike Marzoch', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIn den ersten Wochen wirkte die Tasse gut dicht, weshalb ich mir eine weitere Tasse geholt habe. Allerdings zeigte sich, dass beide Tassen nach dem weiterem Gebrauch undicht wurden. Die Zeit für die Rücksendung war bis dahin leider abgelaufen...\n')
('Justine', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice solid feel to it... nice to drink from. Keeps my important morning coffee hot for a good few hours.Very comfortable to use! Only downer is the lid can be a bit tricky to clen as i cant seem to disassemble it to get in the spout etc.\n')
('CaraJ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't leak at all, has a slick design, and -- most importantly -- keeps heat for a long time. Good stuff.\n")
('Arkadiusz S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy buena compra\n')
('"ajb1983"', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIdeal as I am a truck driver\n')
('RICHARD BULL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove that it is so easy to tell when this cup is locked. Keeps coffee hot for ages, doesn’t leak. Only negative is that it’s too thick for the cup holder in my car xUpdate after a good few months using the cup, it’s still great although the rubber ring seal keeps coming out causing the cup to leak so you have to make sure it’s always in before the lid goes back on, other than that, stays piping hot for at least 4 hours but still steaming after 8 hours\n')
('Rahele Ahankoob', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente producto\n')
('Mark', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo good I bought another for someone else. Never leaks or explodes. Heat lasts for hours easy to clean and drink from. Buy it\n')
('Álvaro', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIl conserve les boissons chaudes pendant 12 heures... Rien à dire, super produit... Même calé au fond d'un sac, le liquide reste dans le mug !!!A bientôt.\n")
('andy', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuperb for keeping a cup of coffee hot, whilst walking the dogs or similarDownside being that you are trying to drink a scalding hot cup of coffee through a tiny hole in the lid, much like a well known, high street fast food outlets coffee cups, (Insert name of choice here,. Other fast food outlets available. Terms and conditions apply).Personally, I like that it does keep the coffee hot, as opposed to finding you have a lukewarm drink shortly after making it, and you can always remove the lid, and drink it like a normal mug of coffee, if needed.\n')
('mharrisonrn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good product and leak proof, very easy to clean and keeps drinks hot definitely recommend.\n')
('S J Hobbs', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the only cup I've had that doesn't leak.  It keeps my coffee so hot I have to leave the lid for a bit before I drink.  Would recommend as keeps drinks hot for hours.\n")
('Mrs J A Hesmondhalgh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngood quality\n')
('CATHERINE JAYCOCK', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this as it was recommend by a friend and coffee machine at work is £2.30 a cup (costa machine). The only thing I'd change is making the capacity larger, 470ml only has one colour, would have gone for for 590ml easily. but as travel mugs go, its class.\n")
('Julie H', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had high hopes for this as it’s a large container and had great reviews but after a month of use the seal no longer worked and I was nearly scolded with boiling hot tea!  I’m very disappointed and would return it if I could.  I only used it for camomile and mint tea in bags  and it was cleaned properly after each use.  It should really last longer.  I need something that actually is leak proof for work and gigs (i’m a singer). So annoyed I can’t get my money back!\n')
('Bibi Blocksberg', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch hatte mir von dem Becher mehr versprochen.Er ist schön im Design und es lässt sich auch wunderbar daraus heiße Getränke schlürfen.Das Problem ist allerdings der Verschluss, der mich schon mehr geärgert hat, als mich über den Becher in seiner Funktionalität zu freuen.Man muss diesen Verschluss 100%ig genau aufsetzen und dann am Besten zudrehen mit der Kraft eines Zuchtbullen.Mal noch halb verschlafen Kaffee machen und mit ins Auto holen ist nicht ohne einen größeren Kaffeeschaden anzurichten.Ich will damit nicht sagen, dass der Becher gar nicht dicht würde, aber das genaue und dicht verschließen ist schon eine Kunst für sich.Entweder habe ich ein Ausnahmemodell bekommen oder der Verschluss ist einfach schlecht konzipiert.Ich habe keine Ahnung wie es sich mit anderen Contigo Modellen verhält, aber von diesem würde ich bei dem Preis auf jeden Fall abraten.Ich werde meinen Becher weiterhin benutzen, die ständige Vorsicht und Überprüfung ob das Ding auch wirklich dicht verschlossen ist, nervt ohne Ende!\n')
('Anna', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love his product but the lid has broken im not sure how it has happened, i haven't had it very long it hasn't been dropped or any thing, i don't know if the boiling water cracked it? So because the lid is cracked it is no longer leak proof and it really was 100% leak proof. Can anything be done?\n")
('Mariam Al Bayati', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was er verspricht, dicht und sehr lange warm. Echt Top\n')
('Melanie H.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\n£26 for a leakproof flask that leaks then you have to spend more money to send it back for a replacement... that may also leak.\n')
('MRS S DUKE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMake sure you drink carefully from this mug at the beginning as it's VERY good at keeping hot coffee hot... it's truly leakproof as I found out to my relief and easy to clean. The spout however is tricky to get the hang of but once you do, and don't burn your mouth, it's good. Just be wary of boiling tea or coffee and test it via the very small spout to drink from. It tends to burst into your mouth, which can be great or painful depending on hot it is. On the go, the thermal quality makes for a long and enjoyable coffee once you get the hand of the drinking spout and test its heat level starting out.\n")
('Mr H, Dorset', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlthough delivery was quick, this Mug arrived in poor condition. The outer surface was scratched and scraped and I eve doubted whether it was a new mug or had been used. I’ve returned this item as I’m not happy with the condition for the price I paid.\n')
('A. Hoffrichter', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange warm, ist absolut dicht und sieht auch noch schön aus!\n')
('Karan Chopra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent Travel mug. I have two myself and buy them for gifts all the time.\n')
('LouiseLewis Holidays', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDeveloped a leak after a few months. Had to send back for a refund.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought for sister 1 month ago. Has been used every day, and is still intact. There are a few scratches, but not many. Wash by hand. Would buy again, and might get myself one one of these days!\n')
('Alan hardman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI know this item was discounted but does not keep a hot drink even luke warm for longer than 2 hours. Wouldn't normally return but at this price I expected more.\n")
('Mrs H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased item although thought expensive because it states up to 9 hours kept hot!! Received yesterday used today filled with boiling water 7.30 am went to take drink 12.30om  5 hours later🙈🙈water def not hot quite cool!!! Very disappointed.. used once can i return???\n')
('Justin Cooley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps a coffee / Tea drinkable for 2 or 3 hours and easy to drink from.\n')
('Valeska A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWorth the product\n')
('Victoria', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo prodotto consigliato.\n')
('Alexis', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs un termo grande que aguanta bien el frio o calor de la bebida y se puede beber facilemnte de el el problema es que va perdiendo el tono de la pintura el mio esta pasando de negro a un tono marron en algunas zonas.Funcion 10/10 pero acabados 5/10\n')
('Jeanette', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had to look like a moaner I’m really not but this cup wasn’t cheap I’ve only used it about 10 or 11 times I brought it in November and in April it has a rust spot I have always cleaned it well and dried it and as I’m past my return date I can’t send it back or find the sellers name to message them for nearly £20 I’d expect it to last much longer than 6 months when it’s only used now and then also\n')
('Patrícia ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nConseillé par une amie, je le recommande super produit\n')
('gary green', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality product that keeps the drink hot for a long while.\n')
('Mr B C', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVa bene. Tiene caldo per qualche ora, ma non come indicato. L apertura potabile potrebbe essere meglio.\n')
('Jen', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWhen I first bought this cup in February's it kept drinks hot for 6 hours.  Now. at the 3 hour stage the drink is tepid verging on cold. Really disappointed.\n")
('Maureen smith', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps tea just right\n')
('Elvira Heil', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent product.  100% recommended.\n')
('Janette Holden', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drunk piping hot for hours ! Great quality\n')
('Juvy ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFacile à nettoyer, y compris le couvercle et parfaitement étanche. Cependant, la boisson refroidit assez vite. La chaleur se dissipe par le couvercle non isotherme.En mettant la boisson bouillante et à raz bord, sans y toucher elle reste chaude 3h. Après elle est tiède. Pour l'usage que j'en fais, ça me convient.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't keep drinks hot lukewarm after 3 hrs\n")
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSegunda botella Contigo que tengo y como la otra, en cuanto a aislamiento de bebidas son perfectas! Me llegó justo a tiempo antes de una ola de calor y mantuvo agua fria toda la noche (+10 horas) y aún había hielo. Siendo honestos, había 3 hielos grandes y agua que ya estaba fresca perooo... +10 horas!!!La única pega!! Es que este modelo en particular es un pelín dificil de beber cuando está llena. Tiene un agujerillo en la parte superior y una hendidura en la tapa por donde sale el agua... Al final te acostumbras pero nos hemos tirado el primer sorbo más de una vez\n')
('Mark', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is very well made and doesn’t leak at all unlike most flasks and mugs I’ve bought before!\n')
('Sarah B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHighly recommended.\n')
('Irene Lopez', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe lo esperaba de más calidad\n')
('Littlema333', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNO ES MUY COMODO ME GUSTAN MAS CON BOTON\n')
('Paulo Esteves', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nL'ouverture est un peu difficile mais la capacité ,le volume est bien grand et conforme à la description tel que le produit en lui même pas de fuite de plus une livraison super rapide, à recommandé mais le prix un peu trop élevé à comparer avec d'autres.\n")
('Maite Alejandre', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHace unos dias que tengo el vaso y YA NO CIERRA BIEN, se sale el cafe al beber...\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nErstmal gute Verarbeitung es war aber so dass mein Getränk in der Tasche ausgelaufen ist das fand ich schon mal schlecht und von einer Marke sollte ich für rund 22 € mehr erwarten mehr Leistung naja auf jeden Fall bedanke ich mich für nichts außer die gute Verarbeitung natürlich\n')
('Brian', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’m happy with this product. It is easy to clean and keep drinks hot for couple of hours. I dropped it a few times and it didn’t cracked  and my coffee didn’t spill. It doesn’t leaks as well. Very good quality of product.\n')
('Thecivvie', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my drink lovely and warm\n')
('Marco Seyer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher dient als nachhaltige Alternative zu "venti" Papierbechern!Der Becher ist dicht und hält das Getränk lange warm.Obwohl ich den Becher mit der Flaschenbürste reinige, löst sich die Beschichtung auf der Aussenseite im Deckelbereich-bei diesem Preis sollte das nicht passieren-daher "nur" 4 Sterne.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPer ora mi soddisfa appieno. Ottimo prodotto capiente e termica. Il caffè rimane tiepido anche dopo 8/10ore. Non metto 5 stelle perché una volta mi si è aperta nello zaino provocando un disastro. Spero le guarnizioni durino nel tempo. Lo consiglio.\n')
('Bard', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA friend recommended this brand to me. I’ve been thrilled with it. I’ve purchased two for myself and two as gifts. I’m a very sloooow coffee drinker. This mug keeps my coffee warm and fresh for about 7 hours. No more burnt coffee from reheating and reheating. Solid quality materials. Doesn’t leak or dribble. Easy to drink from without mishaps. All sorts of nice colors if you don’t want simple stainless steel grey or basic black.\n')
('Frednire arocha', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa sto usando a lavoro, ero stufa dei distributori automatici.Preparo il cappuccino la mattina alle 7.15 e resta caldo fino alle 12.00Il tappo si avvita e rimane chiuso ermeticamente, capovolgendolo non esce una goccia.Il beccuccio del tappo e il contenitore si puliscono facilmente e non restano odori di caffè o Tè\n')
('Fiorah', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEfficientissimo di buona qualità,mantiene fresco per tutto il giorno anche sotto il sole.Resistente ben rifinito comodo\n')
('Susie', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider war der Verschluss undicht. Ich habe das Produkt umgetauscht, der neu erhaltene strömt einen starken Gummigeruch von der innenseite des Deckels aus und verursacht einen Beigeschmack im Getränk. Womöglich eine Fälschung?\n')
('Esmeralda', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher. Hält lange warm. Hohe Qualität. Preis gerechtfertigt.\n')
('janet hollamby', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI brought one which isn't dishwasher safe but easy to clean. Keeps coffee warm for first break at work about 3hrs from making.\n")
('Richard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug. Keeps drinks hot for a very long time! Looks & feels great too. Nice size.\n')
('ztricky', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWould not recommend- My tea tastes weird/of metal despite having cleaned several times- drink goes from hot to lukewarm warm within 2 hours\n')
('PaulC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks great and keeps the drink warm for the whole day. A bit scared of damaging the exterior paint so have been hand washing it.\n')
('bruce', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nO-ring seal in cap failed so I purchase a new o-ring (pack of 10) from Amazon. 'sourcingmap Silicone O-Ring, 68mm OD, 61.8mm ID, 3.1mm Width, VMQ Seal Rings Gasket, Red, Pack of 10'. Removed old fitted new in a few seconds, Wow doesn't leak anymore.  Not exact copy of original but whet the hack? the new one works and cheaper than buying a new mug.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPros:- Leak proof.- Easy enough to use.- Keeps drinks at a reasonable temperature.Cons:- If you purchase a colour scheme other than the metal-silver, you cannot wash the mug in a dishwasher as the colour will run/ chip/ fade.\n')
('Sean Drever', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMake a coffee when going to work, and lasts all day.\n')
('sa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this on the based on the information in the questions answered below, which state the cup is 540-590 ml, as I was specifically looking for a venti sized cup. In fact the label on the cup states that it's only 16 fluid ounces, so 455 ml. I'm going to be sending it back.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFor years I have been fed up with normal travel mugs but didn't want to use a flask.  I wish I'd looked earlier!This works really well keeping drinks hot for a good while, certainly more than an hour, and not had any leakage problem.  I love the colour too!\n")
('Agnes', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOkay. Jetzt zum zweiten Mal ist der Deckel kaputt und undicht. Ergo: Unbrauchbar. 😔 Nach 2 Wochen. Ich habe jetzt zwei Becher durch. Leider schaut er nur schön aus. Oder ich habe einfach Pech gehabt. Schade.Ursprüngliche Rezension:Eigentlich ist der Becher perfekt. Er ist super stylish, es passt eine Menge rein, hält sehr lange heiß und kalt und er ist komplett dicht. Jedenfalls am Anfang.Nach 2 1/2 Monaten, war der Becher nicht mehr vernünftig zu schließen. Anscheinend ist am Snapseal Verschluss irgendetwas kaputt gegangen. Allerdings ohne Fremdeinwirkung. Ich benutze ihn täglich und trinke im Büro gute 2 bis 3 Liter am Tag. Vielleicht Verschleiß? Wenn der Deckel qualitativer verarbeitet wäre und der Lack nicht so empfindlich ist, würde ich 5 Sterne geben. (Es waren auch 5), aber jetzt gibt es nur 4.Jedoch ein sehr großes Lob an Amazon. Heute am Mittwoch reklamiert und innerhalb von 5 Minuten wurde mir schwuppdiwupp ein neuer Becher geschickt. Kommt am Freitag. So macht Online Shopping Spaß! Ich bleibe bei der Marke.\n')
('T.K.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSieht gut aus. Einfache verschlüsse sodass eine Reinigung mit der Maschine problemlos möglich ist.Das Material verbleicht auch nach gebrauch nicht und ist von außen angenehm warm während es innen schön heiß bleibt. Leider funktioniert der Verschluss bei meinem Exemplar nicht einwandfrei, sodass das der Becher schnell anfängt auszutropfen wenn er liegt.\n')
('tester', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI checked the capacity and the description is accurate. It keeps contents hot for several hours, and I mean really hot, so you need to let contents either cool a bit before sealing the cup or before you try to drink from it. If you don't you will burn the roof of your mouth or your lips - very painful.  It is completely leak proof when sealed, I just chuck it in my handbag at any old angle when rushing out the house, confident that I won't be mopping up a spill (as long as the seal is closed it does not leak).  I bought the red colour - it looks great.  I have not has this long enough to know if the colour peels or chips off, but I suspect it will take a while for that to happen if I don't abuse it too badly.  Overall I am very pleased with this purchase.\n")
('rob', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe Black one when searched for 20 oz is indeed 20 oz but the other colours don't seem to be - so beware we ordered a Gunmetal Grey as well but it is only 20oz. Done some more research since and I can only find information concluding the 20 oz versaion is only in Black! But as to the other reviews it is a really good non leaking and keeping the coffee really warm or cold (both tested) and gets my Familys thumbs up! We got around the issue of having several Black ones buy Laser Engraving them to be individual(Happen to own a Laser)\n")
('John Redfern', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEl mejor termo que he tenido, puedes llevarlo en el bolso sin peligro alguno\n')
('mark watson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI put an order for the 720mL and got a 520mL...thought I might have been my mistake. I checked my order and I had selected the 720mL. Returned it and ordered a new 720mL one, just to get a 520mL again..... I've had my old one for about 4+ years and love it. Once I dropped it for the millionth time, it broke and I wanted to get a new one.\n")
('Mary', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought the Contigo Byron thermal mug (v1.0 not the new 2.0 version) last year.  I would rate my use as occasionally for an  year or 2 months of regular daily use.For the advantages - 1.  keeps tea/coffee piping hot easily for several hours.  Even after 5-6hrs it is warm, though not "hot."  2.  Cold drinks keep for even longer - drinks with ice will still have ice cubes 5-6hrs later.  3.  easy to clean needing minimal maintenance.  4.  Easy to drink from, spill-proof - well thought out system even for one handed use (when driving).  5.  Cool enough to touch and handle even when filled with piping hot beverage.The only drawback that I\'ve faced is the seal is not long lasting - once the "washer seal" is warped (see pic), the drinks will spill and lose it\'s benefit(s).  They do not supply seals as stand-alone replacements, nor can you buy just the lid.  The warrantee is advertised as "life-time warrantee" - pursuing this as the last option.  Will keep you updated.May update - The customer service is very helpful, and replaced my lid as I am still under warrantee.  Unfortunately, as stated above this is only a temporary fix, as the warrantee lasts for 2 years.  I wish they would sell parts individually for it is a very nice mug :)\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt does the job. It keeps liquids hot for very long time.\n')
('jancy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good product\n')
('Yureudy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is great. My drink stays hot for at least 6 hours. It’s easy to clean and it doesn’t leak at all. Best travel cup I have bought.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMost amazing travel mug! Stays warm for a long time! Great for working outdoors! Doesn’t leak at all and has such a nice way of drinking out from!\n')
('Ryan M.', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSi comme moi vous en aviez marre de ces mugs qui se renversent et qui ne gardent pas la chaleur, acheter ce produit il tient ses promesses, il ne se renverse pas, il est isotherme et il garde parfaitement la chaleur, toute la journée.\n')
('carlos am', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTazza termica assolutamente consigliata che mantiene il caldo per molte ore. Scaldo i liquidi alle 8.30 del mattino e all'ora di pranzo sono ancora caldi. Molto soddisfatto. State attenti al beccuccio da dove si beve perché è facile sversare il liquido addosso\n")
('Margaret Goodwin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI always read a few reviews before making up my mind on products. On this particular one I almost didn't buy it due to the negative reviews. However I decided to get it and wow I love it!!!! I'm a Nurse work in the community so needed a cup that would keep my drinks hot for longer this does it fabulously. On a 12hr shift I filled it up three times which ensured I had a hot drink throughout my shift. Its not easy in the current times being out and about plus its cold. The mug an absolute bargain.\n")
('VickyB', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this. It looks and feels good. Perfect for making my lunchtime drink in the morning and stays hot. Love it.\n')
('AshEs', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDurch den Drehverschluß absolut dicht,isoliert hervorragend und die Trinköffnung ist ebenfalls sehr gut.\n')
('Andy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat wee drink flask.  Keeps coffee hit for up to 3 hours and is leak proof as long as you make sure top is on right grooves.\n')
('Karen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’d highly recommend this mug it’s brilliant. I work as a college lecturer and I can make a drink in this at 830 in the morning and it’s still got at lunchIt does what it says on the tin brilliant bit of kit\n')
('Diego', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup - keeps drinks warm for hours, you can throw it in a bag without the fear of it leaking and it’s easy enough to clean.\n')
('Nathalie Schubring', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest quality\n')
('Book lover', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat quality flask. East to use, hold & clean and keeps my daily cup of tea for work warm all morning.\n')
('Susan Dunne', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrought this Byron after reading many reviews, to be honest I’m not that impressed, put piping hot coffee in at 6am by 10 it was lukewarm,  that is not what I expected from a product that’s not exactly cheap.Positives,  it is leakproof, easy to clean but that’s it. I’ll be looking at something else this won’t be much good to me.\n')
('Miss Zoe ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCoating is a big let down.  Also second pic is difficult to keep clean.  Keeps drinks hot no doubt but mug will look terrible once even more coating goes!!!!\n')
("Reader's Digest", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nso it starts leaking...\n')
('Anonymbitte', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHÄLT SEHR LANGE WARM\n')
('LUIS ALBERTO NUNES DE FREITAS', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIf its a quick cuppa you want, this isn't for you. If you want to sip your tea/coffee throughout your shift/task/walk then this is ideal.Only flaw on mine is the lid can be fidgety to close. I bought 2 one is as though the threads are off, but the other is fine.\n")
('Leanne', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nwell worth it\n')
('Darren harland', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAmateur de thé j'en sirote toute la journée, et le volume et parfait et ça capacité à conserver la chaleur et impressionnante. tiens toute la journée sans problème. je recommande pour qui à besoin d'un bon thermos de petite taille.\n")
('Ane', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAmazing item I take 2 cups with coffee every morning and the coffee stays warm for hours. Better than spending a fortune in coffee shops.\n')
('Michael', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it... since then, she has recommended it to her Mum who has now purchased one and also loves it.\n')
('Margaret Morgan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my second purchase of this item. It’s like a small teapot, keeps my tea warm and hot. Great purchase\n')
('Martha Hernández', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDon’t be fooled by the photoI’m absolutely disappointed by the size it’s not as big as it looks\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuy buen termo siempre compramos esta marca y buen uso\n')
('Sylke Kaiser', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher und hält Getränke lange heiß.\n')
('Flowerpower', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Becher! Hält lange warm und ich 100% dicht. Wir haben ihn überwiegend wegen des Verschlusses genommen, da er leicht zu reinigen ist.\n')
('debbie61', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPensavo fosse più piccola. Ero inizialmente contento dell\'acquisto sebbene l\'ingombro in borsa non è indifferente. Problema: le bevande calde si freddano nel giro di qualche ora, è consigliato riscaldarle un po\' di più. Altro problema: si forma della condensa attorno alla bocchetta.Il meccanismo per aprire la bocchetta è ingegnoso ma a base di un materiale gommoso (durerà nel tempo?), questo però crea, specialmente quando la differenza di temperatura tra quella dell\'ambiente e quella del liquido è elevata un effetto "sottovuoto" che rende il meccanismo difficile da aprire.Pulire la zona vicino alla bocchetta non è semplice, e molto spesso è necessario lavare l\'intero tappo.Il meccanismo è ingegnoso, ma poco igienico, a mio parere.\n')
('Alessandra Norris', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps things piping hot for hours\n')
('pauline clarke..', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nTout simplement génial comme produit garde le chaud au moins 6 a 8h je l’enmene partout il ne me quitte jamaisJe le recommande à tous la preuve je l’offre à tous mes amis\n')
('R.S.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIl fuit ... Je ne comprends pas d'où il fuit mais il fuit ! Et comme j'avais confiance parce que j'avais déjà eu des mugs de cette marque (le modèle 470 ml), ca a été la catastrophe !!\n")
('Samantha J Twentyman', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nContigo mugs are the best, I’ve got 4or 5, a couple I’ve had for maybe 10 years that are still absolutely spot on. Buy one every time they are on offer\n')
('Fiona C.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAs title doesn't keep drinks hot. Not sure why there are countless reviews saying it does ? As another reviewer has stated it will keep drinks hot for about 2 hours, not  the 8 hours that some are reporting.Paid extra thinking I would be getting something that would keep my coffee hot throughout the day, but it functions no better than something you could pick up for a lot less in a cheap homeware shop. Save your money.\n")
('Anna Devon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve owned a fair few travel mugs that claim to be “leakproof” but this genuinely is! We’ll worth the money and would buy another but I don’t need to as this is awesome! The extra capacity size wise is brilliant and beverage still warm 5 hours later (even with the drinking hole left open for two of those hours)\n')
('Silvia Bloszat', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher entspricht meinen Erwartungen in jeder Hinsicht.\n')
('Emma Savage', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSleek looking, good hand grip. Excellent seal and no spill feature. The only issue I had is the first time I used it I put the lid on as soon as I filled it up with hot coffee. Didn't realise that after 3 hours in my bag it would still be at boiling point. I now leave the lid off for a few minutes.\n")
('JMW', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nEarly days at the moment so can't fault it..\n")
('Clare Fewell', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood item. Keeps drinks warm whole day.\n')
('Mrs S.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's excellent at keeping the heat in and is leak proof. Unfortunately after just 3 months the interior is full of rust, so I have to assume there's little to no protection inside which is kind of pointless for a flask. Don't buy.\n")
('Amy Baker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat\n')
('Mogsie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSegunda vez que compro este mismo termo y segunda vez que tengo que devolverlo por la misma razón: la goma interior de la tapa que debe servir para precintar el cierre, cede y pierde todo el líquido.\n')
('Hazeljo', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nComo venezolana que soy estoy acostumbrada a llevar mi vaso Contigo siempre... Si algo nos caracteriza es eso. Y éste cumple, a cabalidad, mis necesidades.\n')
('claire tabram', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe ha encantado. Bonito, totalmente estanco y no retiene olores. Fácil de limpiar. Compra muy recomendable\n')
('Jonathan Jones', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper mug de grande contenance. Très belle finition métal (et le poids qui va avec). Garde vraiment bien au chaud (attention à ne pas se brûler avec un liquide trop chaud). Fermeture bien étanche.Votre thé au chaud pour la journée.\n')
('grannyx2', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant for keeping your drinks warm for hours. It never leaks even after been tipped upside down!\n')
('kat', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThere’s no doubt this is a great travel mug.... though possibly a little TOO good. It retains heat like no mug I’ve ever used, which sounds great in theory. In practice it means i am unable to drink my morning coffee on my 90 minute drive to work as it’s simply still too hot to drink. I find the lid hole opening to be just a little too small to take big sips as well. I really want to give this 5 stars and for many folk it would be perfect. But sadly I can only give 4 stars as the only way I can drink my coffee at a normal temperature is to remove the lid entirely whilst driving - kinda defeats the object of a travel mug. It’s well built though and completely leak proof.\n')
('Victoria Topping', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSpinto dalle ottime recensioni l ho acquistato. Metto caffelatte che bolliva direttamente dentro. Tempo di arrivare in ufficio (2 ore dopo) era gia tiepido!! E fuori ci sono 24 gradi , non oso immaginare d'inverno! Chiesto reso\n")
('Andrew Martin', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood\n')
('elena', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct arrived with a large dent in the side.\n')
('Hector  A Echezuria L', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDid not receive and delivery driver said signed for disappointed as my 3rd one from this amazing company as they really do what it says on a lovely warm mug never let's me down 🌈\n")
('anonym', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller Becher. Hält sehr lange warm bzw. auch kalt, was bei langen Fahrten mit dem Auto bei Hitze besonders angenehm ist.Den Tee hält er ein paar Stunden heiß. Ich nehme den Becher sogar gerne zu Hause, weil ich dann meinen Tee länger heiß trinken kann. In einem normalen Becher kühlt ein Tee in Minuten ab. Kleiner Tipp:Nur zu 3/4 mit kochendem Wasser füllen, zu 1/4 mit kaltem Wasser, vor dem Schließen Trinkprobe machen, ob die Temperatur stimmt. Soll ja heiß sein und einem nicht den Mund verbrennen!\n')
('Home', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nsuper becher\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have this a few months now and it's great. Keeps coffee hot and doesn't leak\n")
('AFGran', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente producto, mantiene muy bien la temperatura\n')
('Matt Bryer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this to use while playing golf so need the contents to stay hot for around 4 hours. Sadly after 2 hours the contents are at most lukewarm and after 4 hours stone cold. Tried heating it up with boiling water first but no better. It’s clear the heat is escaping via the lid as it is warm to the touch as soon as it’s filled. Don’t recommend this.\n')
('Claire', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas really happy with the mug to begin with but having used it for 3 months has now started to leak. And the leak is not coming from under the lid but from under the rubber holder meaning it is leaking even when sitting in the cup holder untouched. Very disappointed!!!\n')
('Emily Paley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s the best travel cup I’ve used - never leaks and keeps coffee hot for a really decent time.\n')
('Amina Groska', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIs this the best flask ever? Yes.\n')
('Gaby', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeaked all over me\n')
('Joshua Akester', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAcostumbrada a otro termo de la misma marca, este no es tan práctico. No tiene cierre automático y me he escaldado varias veces. El otro son 10€ más pero mucho más práctico.\n')
('Dave gardham', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat travel mug that does not leak and fits superbly into the mesh cup holders on the sides of my going out backpack. Never be out and about without a cuppa at hand now. A word of caution though. Never lend it to anyone. I also had the silver version and now it seems to have become part of my best mate's backpack routine.\n")
('Reyna', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s a good product but the idea is you can take a coffee with you if your setting off on a long drive to save stopping for a ridiculously price Costa from a motorway services. The only issue I have is drinking from it is very difficult while your driving. You flip the cap then this releases the spout for your drink to dispense then starts the difficult part.\n')
('secret57', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo\n')
('Cathal', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest item on the market\n')
('Jorge', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLe maintien au chaud est très efficace, thé très chaud 6 heures après.Il ne tient pas dans le temps, surtout si vous essayez de le passer au lave vaisselle. Je n'aurais pas du le faire, bien mal m'en a pris: le grip en caoutchouc se détend et le joint d'étanchéité ne fonctionne plus (si vous retournez le mug, le thé chaud se répand dans votre sac). Le joint est indisponible en pièce détachée.Il m'aura duré un mois à raison d'une utilisation quotidienne.Je suis passé ensuite au mug Aladin 502013 trouvé sur ce site et cela fait trois mois que je n'ai pas de soucis, tout passe au lave vaisselle.\n")
('kym', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee warm for a couple of hours. Great quality\n')
('Josh Stevenson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust what I was looking for. Keeps tea nice and hot for a couple of hours.\n')
('Clark Kent ', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nBest ever.\n')
('Blondie59', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is my second one. Someone stole my other from work. These are brilliant. I make my filter coffee at 5:30am for work chuck the flask mug into my bag and it's never leaked once. And keeps your beverage at a drinkable temperature for about 5/6 hours.Very well made with solid mechanism. Fast delivery too. Highly recommend.\n")
('Mark ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAll very good until the bottom piece fell off after 6 months. For the price, you'd expect much better quality and durability.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLivraison rapide, produit conforme à la description. Garde bien la chaleur.\n')
('Jose', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo me ha durado ni un año y ya se sale. Es muy cómodo para ir conduciendo pero al año empezó a salirse. La goma ya no va bien y pierde\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove these cups. Keeps my tea hot for 4 to 5 hours so perfect for work. Hubby uses his for cold drinks and says it keeps them cold all day.\n')
('Treiz Zaghloul', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Thermosbecher.Der Kaffee hält sich stundenlang warm und man muss nie Angst haben, dass etwas ausläuft, da der Thermosbecher sehr dicht ist. Habe ihn mir damals selbst bestellt und ihn jetzt noch für 3 weitere Freunde, die gerne Kaffee trinken und mitnehmen, als Geschenk besorgt.\n')
('Jack', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuslaufsicher und robust\n')
('Mon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDo 5 stelle il top...metto al mattino alle 5 acqua zenzero limone e miele bollente...lo porto al lavoro e alle 15 è ancora tiepido...fantastico mantiene il calore per tante ore..lo consiglio vivamente\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCould come with a free small brush to clean the bottom of it, but use any sterilising fluid does the job. Keeps your drinks hot, and leak proof ideal if you left it on the car seat then suddenly picking it up because you thought it would leak.... better to say was that pleased ended up buying 2 for the other half !\n')
('Adam Booth', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've had so many of these types of cups and they are always disappointing as they leak and are hard to clean. This thing is totally leak proof, easy to clean and keeps my coffee hot all day. I got the massive one though, so lots of volume, but it doesn't fit in my car's drinks holder. It wasn't cheap either, but worth it provided I don't leave it somewhere!\n")
('Sabrina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNie kupiłabym ponownie za ta cenę. Minusy: bardzo ciężko się otwiera , trudno zrobić to jedną ręką. Jak dla mnie zbyt krótko trzyma ciepło. Mam dużo tańsze które trzymają temperaturę dwa razy dłużej. Plusem jest design,pojemność i szczelność.\n')
('NikiW', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the third one I have bought and they are fantastic. I was a little disappointed that the lid was scuffed on my last order as it was a gift for a family member, unfortunately it wasn't until they opened it that we saw the scuff. That said, the cup works as it should.\n")
('hazel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my second Contigo travel mug. The first one I had for a number of years, kept my coffee hot, leak proof , it was great. The second one that I just got is exactly the same but the coffee will not stay hot for more than an hour.\n')
('Paul Asquith', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant item! Keeps drink really hot for ages! Leak proof too!\n')
('Abby', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nL’ouverture est un peu difficile mais ça permet de remplir le mug presque jusqu’en haut. C’est le seul point qui me dérange un peu. Ce n’est qu’un détail au vu de sa qualité. Le mug garde très bien la chaleur pour le café et cela tout au long de la journée !C’est un très bon produit, je vous le conseille sans aucun doute !\n')
('Karl Platzdasch', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlso was soll man groß sagen der Contigo ist einfach sein Geld wert, Kaffee bleibt heiß und das über Stunden hinweg.Er hält was er verspricht und da meine Frau auch einen hat war ich echt überzeugt!\n')
('Maria Camelia Godoy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this product as a gift for my mum and within a month or 2 its started to leak and wont hold the liquid hot for a long time anymore and paint on outside started to chip away aswell.\n')
('Vivienne Lynch', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI replace my travel mug every 6 months or so, I usually stick to the same type but thought I would try this as looked better, however I am not impressed, hole to drink out of is set too far down in lid resulting in dribles when you try to drink out of it, also has a very slow pour. the cup is narrow and tall, so cant get your hand in to clean. No rubber on bottom so slides on smooth surface.\n')
('Stew', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDid not keep it hot for as long as I thought\n')
('Mrs R J Spink', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWorks brilliantly for me...Coffee remains hot for about 4 hours...I take this to lectures and enjoy hot coffee! The design looks stylish and it's easy to grip too. And yes it is leakproof.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToo big for car cup holder and no non slip material on base for use on desk.Lip of cup also not deep enough.Nice colour but not very functional\n')
('Gulsun Yusuf', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good travel mug.\n')
('BRIAN BEST', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCup arrived in good condition, looks the part but does not keep drink hot for more than two hours, very disappointed after thermos which would keep hot at least 8hours\n')
('Saffiya Mahmood', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEl termo es impresionante para mantener la bebida caliente. Suelo hacer té en él usando un infusor alargado. Luego lo dejo unos minutos destapado para que al cerrarlo no haga efecto vacío. La bebida dura caliente horas. Caliente caliente fácil cinco horas. Y tibia que es agradable beber más de 7.De hecho al principio hay que tener hasta cuidado de lo caliente que puede estar (además por fuera no se nota).La zona de goma es perfecta para que no se escurra de las manos.Si cierras bien no se escapa ni una gota (yo lo suelo llevar en la mochila mientras voy en bici y el termo acaba tumbado o de cualquier manera y no pierde nada).Otra cosa que me gusta mucho y que es una gran mejora respecto al modelo anterior que tenía de esta misma marca, es que la tapa es mucho más fácil de limpiar. La versión anterior tenía un muelle y varios recovecos a los que era difícil llegar y la bebida podía llegar a coger aromas o sabores raros. En este caso no hay ese problema y es una gran mejora.\n')
('Salserra', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe mug is good-looking and works well. unfortunately after less than 2 weeks the coating has started to peel away and no longer looks good.It is only used to take coffee to work in the morning and it is cleaned once a day in the dishwasher.Perhaps a different colour would perform better, but I am disappointed with the black version.\n')
('Tatitelle', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA great cup initially, but very quickly became hot to touch, it transpired that the insulation peeled away (and I must have unwittingly drank some of it!), leaving it no longer thermal, or able to keep drinks hot for long. A shame as it’s size, leak proof nature and aesthetics were otherwise perfect\n')
('Keen Walker', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI ordered this flask a few months back and after a few uses I ended up with coffee down myself because the seal on the lid had gone baggy.  All I’d dine to clean the lid was rinse it and leave it to dry so never touched the seal.  I was able to send the flask back in exchange for another one.  Unfortunately the same thing has happened and the seal has gone baggy like the first one.  I have missed the return window now as didn’t use it straight away.  Hoping that the lid of my smaller model which I’ve never had a problem with in years will fit onto the larger cup so I can still use that at least.\n')
('Anabella', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe bottles is a seconds piece. So be careful before you buy it.\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEstá muy bien el material del termo, mantiene las temperaturas y todo eso, pero cuando usas el sistema "snapseal" te salpica toda la cara al abrirlo si acabas de tomar, lo cual arruina toda la experiencia.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTiens très bien au chaud, après 4h la boisson reste chaude.Content de cet achat.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA super cup until the seel went in under 2 weeks.\n')
('Miss T Blackman', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI absentmindedly put my full mug in my bag with my laptop. Took it out 3 hours later. Not only had it not leaked (thankfully), the drink was still hot.  Its basically witchcraft at this point\n')
('Vryolaka', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWow, it's really a thermal flask with a drinking slot.Thiught I'd left it open for 5 minutes as it states, but 90 minutes down the road it took the roof of my mouth off it was so hot.I now add 10 to 20 percentage cold water and it still very hot after 60 to 120 minutes.If going fishing and you need to have hot coffee in 3 or 5.hiurs time, this will be fantastic for you.\n")
('Käufer227', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper, begleitet mich auf meinem Weg zur Arbeit\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCumplió mis expectativas,, por poner algún pero, el agujero para beber es algo pequeño aunque esto no impide que esté satisfecho con el producto.\n')
('Becky howell', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat stuff\n')
('T', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust the job. Pleased with purchaseLooks good and works well\n')
('Rose Diop', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFatal!!No recomendable!! Al mes de uso,se le ha caído la goma y filtra todo el líquido!! Se espera más por el precio q tiene!!!Muy descontenta!!!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo recomiendo al 100 por 100\n')
('Luca', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good flask but if your putting a hot drink in here it won’t be drinkable for about 4 hours 😂\n')
('CAZZA7', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've owned this model for almost 20 years and bought this one for my wife with the utmost confidence in its quality.  Mine has withstood being left on the car and rolling down the hill, to being dropped whilst rock climbing.  Other than a couple of dents, it is seemingly indestructible.  This applies specifically to this model mind, as I am aware the lids vary.\n")
('Manuela Schäfer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWirklich klasse -  hält dicht und genauso heiss oder kalt, wie der Inhalt sein soll.\n')
('YALA', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery difficult to drink from. Awkward size for car cup holder. Not used it after first use.\n')
("Jane O' Loughlin", '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nL'articolo non è male, come tazza e terms funziona più che bene e mantiene la temperatura a lungo.Il problema é l'impugnatura in gomma che si deforma e si sposta\n")
('Lawrence ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCe produit est d'une excellente qualité, il est agréable au toucher,les finitions sont parfaites avec un très beau design.Côté efficacité 100% hermétique aucune fuite . Si vous voulez du top en Mug ce produit en fait partie.Livraison ultra rapide tout est parfait.\n")
('Cliente Amazon', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love these travel mugs perfect for work and well worth the money.\n')
('Locky', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe encanta porque es súper cómodo y la medida es perfecta para llevar al trabajo. Aguanta muchísimo el calor de la bebida, me quedé alucinada cuando horas después de haber puesto mi té caliente, bebí y me quemé los labios. Una buena compra sin duda.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this as a Christmas present. The recipient has been using it since January but it’s leaking now. Didn’t even last six months.Such a shame.\n')
('Nettie Woo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAbsolutely love this cup the best one I've bought. It keeps my drink hot even when left outside in the cold,  as a lunchtime supervisor this happens regularly.\n")
('Sergio Alvarez Nieto', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo prodotto... Lo consiglio al 100%\n')
('Nelle', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOverall this is an excellent product. It does what it says on itself. However one small issue the rubber seal in the lid can be unseated which led to a leak. The seal was easy to put back correctly and the leak was gone. Still worth it.\n')
('Caetano', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am a pilot and i take it with me everywhere! Love it.\n')
('praveen', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe bottle was delivered yesterday (25/06) in the late afternoon, I only added hot water and nothing else, but this morning 26/06 I noticed small spots of rust on the bottom of the bottle, I couldn't believe it! I tried to wash it off with dish washing,baking soda, vinegar, I even used stainless steel scourers and nothing happened, the rusty spots is still there. This leads me to believe that the material is not stainless steel but some cheap heavy metal that can cause serious damage to our health. I already had a bottle of this brand and it never happened before.Either, or they changed the material to something cheaper or this product isn't the original, it's a copy. I don't recommend it at all!\n")
('Cliente Amazon', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my 2nd cup like this. Keeps my coffee warm for around 6-7 hours while at work. Dropped my last one numerous times and apart from a few dents, it had no effect on the cup. No leaks and it does the job for me.\n')
('David Mahon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis mug doesn't keep my drinks hot or warm for very long. 30 minutes max. Difficult to drink from. Pretty disappointing overall.\n")
('Dora V.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIch habe mit diesem Thermosbecher (Metall, nicht Kunststoff) bisher sehr gute Erfahrungen gemacht: Er kann zuverlaessig sicher verschlossen werden, mir fielen noch keine Getraenkeaustritte auf, was leider bei so manch anderem Becher, die ich bereits hatte, der Fall ist.Der Trinkverschluss oeffnet etwas schwergaengig - aber das ist wohl auch der Preis fuer die hohe Auslaufsicherheit.Und ja - beim Schliessen kann es ein klein wenig spritzen, weil noch etwas Getraenk an der Oeffnung ist. Doch hat mich dies noch nie gestoert - aber natuerlich die Undichtigkeiten anderer solcher Becher (nicht von Contigo).Es fehlt mir aber noch die Langzeiterfahrung, also ob z. B. der Trinkverschluss sich mit der Zeit durch den Gebrauch abnutzt und dann doch undicht wird.Jedenfalls: Ich habe nun fuenf verschiedene mobile Trinkbecher / -tassen - und das ist bisher mit Abstand der Beste (da eben dicht ...).Da diese Becher in Kanada nochmals deutlich guenstiger sind und ich gute Erfahrungen gemacht hatte, habe ich dort einen weiteren fuer mich und zwei als 'praktische Souvenirgeschenke' gekauft.Es zeigen sich inzwischen deutliche Teeablagerungen am Verschluss - es kann also sein, dass es dadurch erforderlich werden wird, den Verschluss irgendwann wieder gruendlicher als nur mit heissem Wasser zu reinigen, damit er auch wirklich dicht bleibt. Aber der bisher ueberauss gute Schraubverschluss laesst m. E. kein Riskiko erwarten, dess es dort einmal undicht werden koennte.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFinger weg von diese Produkt nach 3-4 Stunden sind die Getränke kalt ich habe von Rewe eine Thermobecher gekauft für 7 Euro und ist viel besser nach 6-7 Stunden sind die Getränke noch warm. 7euro bis fast 20euro ist eine sehr große unterschied\n')
('DAVID CARDENAS RUBIO', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI don't often write reviews but this is brilliant.  You could even argue it works too well.  It keeps drink hot for hours.  Even when camping and outside temperature is just above freezing I left tea in the mug for over an hour and it was still too hot to drink\n")
('Ziawhit', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat buy\n')
('Jessica', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe only thing I would change is the diameter of the inlet / outlet to allow faster flow of liquid.Stays hot for at least 5 hrs.In fact its too hot for the first 2 hrs.\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove these travel mug they are so worth the money keeps my coffee at a good temperature for at least 5-6 hours can't advise any longer as have normally finished my drink with in 5 hours.  Lock down lids don't spill and I throw mine in the dishwasher to clean\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent quality, brand, looks expensive and feels expensive/well made.Keeps drinks hot for ages.Easy to drink from - would buy again and do recommend ✅\n')
('anthony', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe quality in terms of sturdiness, and keeping contents hot (and I mean hot, not just warm) but also having a cool to touch exterior are fantastic. It does exactly what you want it to do and keep your drink warm with out leaking if you are traveling or walking around a lot at work and carrying this with you. It is completely leakproof, I just turned upside down with it full of hot Marrakech and not a drop leaked out, and the opening mechanism is easy to flick up with one hand an drink. The only disappointment is hubby washed it before first use and it would appear the coloured coating does not stand up to the quality of the rest of the product (see picture). All in all a fantastic product and worth the money but if you are mainly buying for the colour of the mug then I suggest you look else where.\n')
('michael henry', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent value, does exactly what you want it to.\n')
('Vincenzo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFab\n')
("S O'hagan", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug with nice easy to use lid.Seals great for that non leak lid for either hot or cold drinks and comfortable to drink from.Hot drinks lasts for about 2 hours easy.Also easy to clean and safe.Used daily and still good as new\n')
('Freerange', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSleek design, easy to clean (not left with any residue around drinking hole).Drink is still hot after 5-6 hours and tastes exactly as it would if thresh, no metallic taste like I have had from other brands.Price good, delivery fast can't say much more other than its excellent! Must buy!\n")
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for a maximum of 2 hours. OK if you like lukewarm tea.\n')
('Libby', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBuena calidad en conjunto, si bien me resulta incómodo el sistema de apertura de paso del líquido, que es duro y no sé si será duradero a la larga. Yo prefiero los de tecla, más cómodo y fiable. Luego está el canal por el que sale el líquido; es muy largo, por lo que, si levantas rápido, se desborda por los laterales de la boca.Como positivo, lo he usado con líquidos calientes y fríos y conserva mucho tiempo la temperatura.\n')
('Jannis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nObwohl ich anfangs gezögert habe wegen des Preises, habe ich letztlich bestellt, weil mir das Design gut gefallen hat. Gutes Fassungsvermögen, der Becher ist gut zu fassen und passt, da er keinen Henkel hat, auch in fast jeden Halter.Ich transportiere den Becher auch in der Tasche, weil nichts ausläuft. Er kann auch eigentlich nicht aus Versehen aufgehen. Heiße Getränke bleiben lange heiß, jedenfalls deutlich länger als 1,5 Stunden.Mundstück ist gut geformt und wird nicht heiß.Preis-Leistungsverhältnis stimmt. Überzeugt durch gute Qualität.\n')
('Simon Mcr', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps coffee hot for hours.  You could almost say it works too well.  I prepare my coffee and cool it slightly before putting it into the flask.\n')
('Geoff', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNot happy mug ordered Vivacious pic shows it is red just what i want it arrived it is pink don't think my hubby will like it 😡\n")
('Tony', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelencia y calidad\n')
('Justin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat coffee flask, Keeps hot for hours if you keep the lid on. Easy to drink from and nice and comfortable to hold. More money than I would usually spend but well worth the extra.\n')
('Javier y Mª Luz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nQuite mad honestly. Was excited to get this product as I've heard some very good things about its and seen some great reviews. However, when I received mine I filled it with some boiling water to clean it but 1 hour later I returned to empty the water and saw rust on the bottom. I sent it back for a new one which I received 2 days ago and I did the exact same thing. Cleaned it with boiling water, no chemicals or washing up liquid, and it has rusted yet again. A 1 time occurrence is fine but twice is pretty bad.\n")
('Tyler S', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was initially impressed with this purchase, kept drinks relatively hot and was leak proof. Within 6 weeks (using only once a week during hikes) the inside of the travel mug rusted and became unusable. Waste of money.\n')
('Ratty Mumma', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHave had this mug before and it was great, purchased from supermarket but lost it !!! U fortunately this one leaks and didn’t keep my coffee warm … there’s an option to send back if you can be bothered\n')
('Amy ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis will be my 3rd contigo I've bought.Highly recommend this brand.This snap shut version takes a bit of getting used to tho. Only because the lid is different and I'm use to the loop version.Apart from that all the usual good quality and stuff that contigo provide....\n")
('MS C SMITH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood quality product.\n')
('Gebhardt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach wenigen Wochen Gebrauch löste sich die gummidichtung am Deckel. Man kann sie mit viel Geduld wieder reindrücken, aber die Flüssigkeit läuft trotzdem aus.Das schöne Grau ist mittlerweile auch Geschichte.Für das Geld gibt es definitiv bessere Thermobecher.\n')
('ML', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHo comprato questo termos pensando che la parte in metallo si sarebbe scaldata è che era necessaria la parte in gomma, invece nonostante i 100gradi l'esterno rimane freddo e solo il tappo rilascia un po' di calore. Ha una tenuta perfetta dopo 10 ore il liquido è ancora tiepido! Per il resto è proprio come me lo aspettavo! Capienza di circa mezzo litro e ottima chiusura ermetica del tappo.Lo consiglio a tutti è davvero un ottimo prodotto! (Pagato 24,90€)\n")
('Mapy Vogue', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is rubbish. The seal constantly comes out of the lid this is my second one so I know it’s not just a faulty one. In addition to that it leaves a nasty taste inside the cup. Wouldn’t mind if it was cheap. Don’t waste your money get a thermos, much better.\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente termo, cumple con todo lo que promete\n')
('Mr Nicholas J Dalmon', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps they hot drink hot for ages just what I needed for work\n')
('Nigel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nEccezionale lo uso da un po' e tiene proprio caldo il te' x parecchie ore...Il meccanismo funziona bene e non ha perdite..\n")
('philhurst', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente como todos los productos contigo, aunque el sistema me gusta más el antiguo\n')
('Tommy L.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI don't often write reviews but this flask is superb. A coffee made at 7am is still hot at midday and warm at 3pm - I bought the large one and that's pretty much the equivalent of three mugs worth. It seals perfectly, I've knocked it over a few rimes and no leaks and easy to drink from too. My old flask would leak from the edge of the lid or just the shape of the lip of the lid was difficult to drink from, not this one.This is definitely value for money.\n")
('Cristina Panadero', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nlLove the ease of use keeps drink hot will not spill\n')
('Romana Gostecnik', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Dchtungsring rutscht beim zuschrauben raus\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good quality\n')
('J A Lawson', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMy mug started leaked badly just like the last one I bought I have now identified the problem there is a rubber ring a seal that sits in the lid but comes out when being washed and if you lose it or don't even notice the mug is useless. I tried to glue mine back in unsuccessfully\n")
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA1\n')
('Stefano Cangiano', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat\n')
('eisenxmeister', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den Becher jeden Tag in Gebrauch. Leider ist er nicht mehr dicht. Heute kam ein neuer und somit ein neuer Versuch. Sonst top.\n')
('Nick Harvey', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLa taza me ha encantado, pero he tenido que devolverla por un pequeño daño que tenía, pero está genial. Ahora me gustaría ponerme en contacto con el vendedor si fuera posible, pero no sé cómo hacerlo. Me podéis ayudar?? Gracias\n')
('TITEUF', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnce again, the flask has leaked!!!  It was sold as something I could have trust in, but the coffee soaked area in my car, covering important documents tells me otherwise. Please do something that actually works!!!!\n')
('Ivan Silva', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this. My hot drink is warm for at least 3-4hrs. Only downside is the challenge to clean the spout.\n')
('Min', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter a long search with various other travel mugs I think we’ve found the one!  Bought this for my other half to use daily while he’s on the road and it’s perfect.  We have tried so many different mugs and they leak or don’t keep the contents hot - this one is a winner!!\n')
('Malgorzata ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery good\n')
('Bumbledee 1247', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's a good cup, great seal and easy clean.Doesn't fit in my car cup holder, so it's a door bin job which is ok.\n")
('Kamran Waqar', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nStarted off really hot even after 6hours now after having it almost 2 months it doesn't really retain the heat for more than 2/3 hours still luke warm so not too bad im just mindful on timings now\n")
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGosto da garrafa, mas são precisas duas mãos para abrir a abertura. Por outro lado, não tem patilha de segurança, o que justifica que não abra facilmente. Também tenho receio que com o tempo deixe de vedar (agora, veda muito bem).\n')
('Bookworm 56', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNot an easy or smooth operation for a mug, definitely not a one-hand operation to open the sip-slit when driving, but then you are buying it knowing that it is of a robust design that makes it leak-proof.It's metal body so no plastic-y feeling about it which I like immensely.And yes as some of the pevious reviewers have mentioned, keep the sip-slit open for a while before starting to drink your coffee cos it remanis hot for a very long time! Overall a happy purchser.\n")
('Megan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood mug, keeps warm for a long time, but only buy the 720ml one if you want a massive mug! Or an alternative for the giant fist! It literally is a travel mug on steroids! It’s 3 mugs of coffee in one!. The lid is fiddly, you have to pop it up, rather than one handed push use like the camel back ones. But it’s still a good mug, keeps hot, just a fiddly lid.\n')
('B. Singh', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRubber come away from lid after only few uses so leaked all over my bag. Returned for a replacement in the hope it was just a faulty one. Stayed hot.\n')
('Benjamin H', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo rapporto qualità prezzo. Mantiene il caldo almeno per quattro ore, pratico e facile da pulire. Consigliato per ogni bevanda.\n')
('Mee', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBis zu 2 1/2 Tassen passen rein. Selbst nach 3 Std. Verbrennt man sich noch die Zunge so warm hält es. Ich bin voll begeistert vom dem Produkt.\n')
('Stacey', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my drink hot for hours while I am working and also spill proof.\n')
('Gaelle', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente envase, tanto para frio como para caliente todo se mantiene a la perfeccion... el diseño espectacular y ergonomico, totalmente recomendado.\n')
('Cyndi L.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas heartbroken to find out that this is sold in Tesco and is cheaper by 10 Euro. Otherwise quality is good and it is leakproof.\n')
('Ryan O.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI absolutely love it it’s very stylish and lols very expensive\n')
('mark johnstone', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks hot for a long time. Doesn’t leak, easy to clean. Looks good. Love it\n')
('Patrizia Schilling', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEl vaso está muy bien como es de esperar de esta marca. El único detalle que no me agrada tanto como en las versiones anteriores es que ya no tienes un botón para abrir y tomar la bebida sino que es una tapita superior que abre. Por un lado esto no es tan positivo porque si olvido cerrarla lo que sucede es que se puede derramar la bebida, en cambio con un botón al dejar de presionarlo se cierra y evitas este tipo de inconvenientes. De resto es un muy buen producto\n')
('blowski', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased for husband, he confirmed his hot drink was still hot 4 hours after making the drink.Definitely recommend.\n')
('delorme', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean & use\n')
('Yomaira', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe seal keeps coming off which is causing it to leak.\n')
('KezzaP', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's just what I ordered. It's the right size that I wanted.You can get them in other colours sizes too\n")
('Bulli', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n👍🏻\n')
('Tracy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my second Contigo travel mug and I love it. I’m a truck driver and it keeps my tea hot for around 4hrs before it starts cooling down and even then it’s still warm enough to enjoy for another hour or 2. Never leaks and easy to clean. Brilliant product and I will probably buy another couple just in case I lose another one. 🙂\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't leak, keeps tea hot really well. I know this coz I made a tea and an hour n a half later nearly burnt my tongue it was still that hot. Very impressed.\n")
('Lolo', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest drinkable sealed cup I have bought so far clip the top down never had any issues of any leaks would highly recommend keeps coffee hot\n')
('Michael Crowther', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis thermos is leaking its contents such as my daily usual coffee. It's not providing enough heat and cold preservation. My coffee loses its heat really quick. I believe the product is faulty.\n")
('Don Alfonso', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin total zufriedenEs ist sicher, es geht nicht zu leicht auf, aber auch nicht zu kompliziert, darum leicht zu reinigen.TOP VIELEN DANK\n')
('BRIGITTE D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\neste si que lo caliente se queda caliente y lo frio frio me gusta es comodo  y cierra muy bien no se vierte\n')
('Bibi ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper schneller Versand. Den Thermobecher benutzen wir jedem Tag. Er ist auslaufsicher und hält den Kaffee lange heiß. Das schöne Design gefällt uns sehr und wir freuen uns das wir uns für diesem Thermobecher entschieden haben. Außerdem ist der Becher nicht so wuchtig und liegt gut in der Hand. Alles perfekt.\n')
('Suzanne Power', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nKeeps coffee hot, the lid is simple to use and my coffee tastes like coffee not plastic. Love the larger capacity too.So why the low score?It doesn't fit in my car's cupholder or the cupholder in my colleague's car.\n")
('Manu Tychon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood product but annoying does not fit Volvo cup holder!!! Merc- perfect as there one can find different size holders. Fits also DAF but not for Volvo F12\n')
('rob williams', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrought this after numerous problems with other travel mugs. Its sturdy, leak proof, easy to clean and keeps your drink hot all day. Loved it so much i brought another in a bigger size for my husband.\n')
('Alberto', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMuito bom\n')
('MelI', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLivraison rapide. Mais très déçus du produit. Seul point positif elle garde bien le liquide chaud.Mais pour boire c'est franchement pas évident. Pour ma part... je vais essayer un autre produit de la gamme\n")
('Sonny', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nimpect ca fait le taf,  la peinture un peu fragile, il ne restera pas intact longtemps mais le job est fait\n')
('Jobs', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'ai 2 mugs CONTIGO achetés à 6mois d'intervalle.Le Westloop et le Byron.Le look du Westloop me plaisait davantage mais  la bande caoutchouc du Byron évite qu'il n'échappe de la main. Il est facile à tenir et tient bien en main. Les couleurs métallisées sont magnifiques. Mais je n'aime pas ce revêtement caoutchouc ^^Le couvercle plastique sans BP,  est différent sur les deux modèles :Sur le Westloop le système permet de verrouiller le couvercle, afin que rien ne s'écoule du capot en cas de chute. Un petit bouton VERROU (symbole de cadenas) sur le dessus qu'on enfonce dans un sens ou dans l'autre. Facile et ça marche bien. Le système pour boire, est lui, sur le côté du couvercle. Ça paraît plus naturel et plus facile d'appuyer sur un bouton (qui se trouve  à l'opposé de là où on avale) pour boire et relacher ce bouton pour refermer le systeme. On appuie on relâche. C'est tout. Cela ne requiert pas de force.C'est simple ingénieux et c'est facile à  nettoyer  sous le robinet avec liquide vaisselle ou lave vaisselle  (attention seul le bouchon passe au lave vaisselle pas la partie TASSE qui perdrait ses couleurs) .Sur le Byron, le systeme est plus simple  : un bouton solide, qu'il faut LEVER avec le pouce ou un doigt, (personnellement je trouve que c'est quand même difficile) je dois utiliser les deux mains. Vraiment pas pratique. Et pas logique de pousser vers le haut pour ouvrir.ce bouton est relié à une boule qui vient fermer le trou par lequel on boit. Ça fait un bruit net  (mais discret) qui donne confiance, semblable à celui que fait un bouchon de champagne rouvert le lendemain.C'est simple mais une personne qui n'a pas beaucoup de force dans les mains peut avoir du mal. Comme moi.Il n'y a pas de système de verrouillage car le bouton est  plus dur et la fermeture se suffit à elle même.je trouve le système du Westloop plus logique et sans que cela ne demande de la force.- le Byron a une ouverture incurvée qui permet de boire plus naturellement. Le weestloop est tout plat et on risque de se brûler avec aucune sensation de boire dans une tasse. Les deux ont tendance à donner un goût de plastique au caféSi vous voulez enlever le goût de plastique  il faut pendant quelques jours, enfoncer le couvercle dans du marc de café chaud et laisser refroidir. Petit à petit le couvercle va s'imprégner.En ce qui concerne les performances isothermes, le Byron me decoit et tient le chaud vraiment pas longtemps. Je préfère encore le westloopLes peintures métallisées ne vont pas au lave vaisselle et un objet métallique dans un sac provoquera des rayures  (clefs, téléphone portable,  stylo).Pour moi les performances de tenue supérieure de chaleur du Byron NE SONT PAS TENUES. Ou j'ai reçu un exemplaire défectueux.En résumé la construction est solide. Mais je suis déçue de ce modèle tant par son système d'ouverture que par ses capacités thermos\n")
('Stephen Sturgess', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot hermetic.I put coffee on my pants twice lost 30 minutes.How hard is it to make it hermetic?Also hard to clean, too thin\n')
('ginger pixie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI needed a sealed top cup for a short notice overseas work related trip I'm about to go. So I read some reviews and this one seemed worth the money, annoyingly it arrived with dents and scratches including on the top drinking section. I expect it still works as intended hence the overall 3 stars but I didn't expect to pay for a damaged product. I cannot say I recall reading in the description that it may arrive having been dropped or with free engraving.. I fly 2 days after this review with a trip length of 2 months so can't even return it and get another in time... Sorry Contigo, not a faulty cup just a faulty handler at some point...\n")
('Donna Sinacola', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup leaks! I spent £21 on this cup and the rubber seal pops out of the lid and you can’t get it back in.I bought in April and it’s august now and am unable to get a replacement or refund.\n')
('Jhonny Pérez', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', "\nOttima questa tazza CONTIGO, l'avevo presa per mio marito, per portare il caffè di casa in ufficio, mi ha detto che funziona molto bene: non se ne separa mai quando deve uscire. Quindi me ne sono fatta regate una anche io un'altro tipo, ed aveva ragione!Consigliatissima.\n")
('St. Oswalds', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nRegalato a mia moglie per portarsi il cappuccino al lavoro.La tenuta del calore è molto buona e il materiale resistente.Anche bevande fresche si conservano tali per un discreto lasso temporale.Unica vera pecca: l'igiene. Per bere bisogna poggiare le labbra direttamente sul tappo che presenta un foto apribile con un click. Se il contenitore viene tenuto in borsa (come spesso accade) il tappo viene inevitabilmente a contatto con altri oggetti non rendendo la bevuta molto igienica\n")
('Kenneth McDonald', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to use and does just what it says it should\n')
('AB', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJe le déconseille pour boire du café chaud. En effet, la forme du goulot est telle qu'une trop grande quantité de café s'y dépose et qu'il est alors très dur de boire sans se bruler les lèvres. J'ai aussi un autre modèle de Contigo qui lui ne pose pas ce problème.\n")
('barbeau michelle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFanática de estos vasos.\n')
('Arek', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent thank you definitely recommend 🦄\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAprès avoir essayer plusieurs mugs et thermos qui soit fuyaient, soient n'étaient pas très efficace, je me suis tourné vers ce modèle bien noté. Je ne regrette vraiment pas mon achat : l'étanchéité est parfaite, même en secouant tête en bas, les boissons restent chaudes très longtemps, et il est vraiment très facile à entretenir.Il a juste les défauts de ses qualités : tellement efficace que même 2 heures après, si on l'a rempli avec de l'eau bouillante, la boisson est encore trop chaude pour être bue sans se brûler (mais ce serait mal venu de reprocher à cet objet d'être si efficace...), il faut se méfier !\n")
('Fedir', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nComparing to other Contigo pruduct\'s this one is bad. the hole in which you\'r liquide comes out is too small, and hard to drink.the "locking" machanisem is working (no leak at all so far) but isn\'t intuative and easy to use,\n')
('Matty blinkster', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this travel mug\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️\n')
('Trevor Costello', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nè veramente ottimo, unica cosa e che è un po duro per aprire, mantiene caldo per tantissimo tempo ed e molto leggero\n')
('Jasmine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolutely amazing product. The colour is better in person.The build quality is fantastic. No signs of leaks at all. The heat retention is brilliant, keeps it piping hot.Easy to clean and also the snap seal is brilliant. It’s comfortable to use with one hand. An absolute gem of a purchase.\n')
('tevfik', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe mir diesen schwarzen Thermobecher für lange Fahrten zu Kundenterminen gekauft. In den BMW Becherhalter geht dieser nur schwer rein. Ich habe noch einen anderen Byron, der ist unten etwas mehr "konisch" und geht besser in den Becherhalter rein, hat allerdings eine etwas kleinere Füllmenge.Kritikpunkte:- die Lackierung platzt sehr schnell ab, schon nach wenigen Wochen sieht der untenrum aus, also hätte er auf einem Pausenhof als Fussball gedient. Ich behandle ihn sehr schonend und reinige innen mit Spülbürste, also ist mir dies schleierhaft.- drückt man den Trinkverschluss zu, spritzt es im Auto nach oben, also muss man dies umständlich mit dem Mund abdecken, will man nach dem Trinken wieder verschließen.der Deckel hat eine Trinkmulde. Hier kann man den gut Kaffee schlürfen, wenn er noch zu heiß ist. Allerdings bleiben oft einige Tropfen in der Mulde, man muss also wirklich alles wegschlürfen.- Die kugelrunde Dichtung im Inneren des Deckels hält eine Zeitlang dicht, lässt aber mit der Zeit nach. Hinlegen im gefüllten Zustand hat dann ein Auslaufen der Trinkflüssigkeit zur Folge.- Die kugelrunde Dichtung verfärbt sich mit der Zeit.- Den Deckel muss man wirklich sehr exakt aufsetzen und fest zudrehen, geht auch schnell schief, dann läufts raus...- Der Becher sowie Deckel sind leider nicht spülmaschinengeeignet.Es ist noch Luft nach oben, was eine verbesserte Konstruktion betrifft.\n')
('Tom León', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my third Contigo travel mug. The absolutely do not leak, and they keep my tea hot. Love them!\n')
('Mr G', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIl primo contenitore l'ho sostituito dopo meno di un mese perché la guarnizione del  tappo, che avrebbe dovuto garantire la chiusura ermetica, si è staccato dalle sede e non si riposizionava correttamente. Probabilmente un difetto del singolo articolo. Prontamente sostituito, molto soddisfatta sia del design semplice e pratico, sia della tenuta ermetica e del calore. Perfetto per le tisane da portare in ufficio. Mantiene il calore tranquillamente per 6/7 ore.  Comodo poter aprire lo snapseal e bere solo con una mano.\n")
('Embla', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIts great once you get used to drinking from it. The opening and the shape of the lid take a little getting used to, but it doesn't take long. Keeps drinks hot for hours. Well over 3 hrs (real world)\n")
('Matt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's a great flask. Easy to open and close. My only dislike is that the bottom is too wide for my car cup holder.\n")
('Cakei', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolute Katastrophe, es hält Max 2std warm , läuft minimal aus , obwohl geschlossen.Absolut den Preis nicht wert.\n')
('Davide Rabbolini', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon produit qui ne fuit pas.\n')
('Sara', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery disappointed to open the box and find the cup bent and damaged. Not acceptable!!!!!!!\n')
('Joe j.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfecto,  hace su funcion bien y aguanta muchas horas caliente, se puede lavar en el lavavajillas.\n')
('Tommy. 29.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s leak proof and it keeps drinks hot for ages. The colour is wearing off slightly but that’s not a problem for me. Very happy. Best travel mug I’ve had so far.\n')
('joe', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSounds daft but these things are almost too good for a morning coffee I often leave lid off for a while to allow it to cool down both after making the brew and also when I get it work!Genuinely as hot hours and hours later as once first madeI have two they're great for winter walks\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAdvertised as keeping contents hot for 6 hours..... it doesn't at all. Hour and half max. I make hot coffee every morning to take to work, I fill the flask at 7am when I leave, by 8.30 its luke warm, everyday this week has been the same. I would return it but I stupidly wrote my name on it in permanent marker when I first got it. Would not buy again or recommend\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAs with all the Contigo cups, this is superb but I wish I had checked the size first not just the capacity. It doesn't fit in any of the cup holders in our cars as it's too big. Holds a lot though !\n")
('Claudia', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is an excellent travel mug. It would be 5 stars except the seal has stretched after 2 months use and now it leaks.Also marks very easily if dropped.\n')
('Ramona Lipp', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält sehr lange warm, man kann gut draus trinken und reinigen lässt er sich auch sehr leicht!\n')
('Mr. Raymond S. PAINTER', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks warm for literally hours.The ‘sip’ mouthpiece means it lasts you a lot longer too. Highly recommended.\n')
('sophie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love this cup. The most important thing is that my cups of tea taste just as good as they do in my normal cup. The drink stays as hot as it was when it was made, I've only tested this to around 2-3 hours. I've taken it to the cinema, on bike rides, even to people's houses who cannot make a decent cup of tea. It's easy to clean and doesn't have any tea marks forming, but I wash it straight after use to avoid that happening. Only thing I'd say is I've seen these reduced in a certain supermarket, at least £5 cheaper than on here.\n")
('Lizziem', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat travel mug. I've recommended this travel mug to so many people and they all love it. Stays hot and its leakproof but unfortunately my lid has broken. My partner has binned the lid. Is there any chance you can buy a new one separately Or would I have to but the complete mug and lid set..\n")
('Studentin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWar als Geschenk vorgesehen und ist sehr gut angekommen.Besonders für Leute die zwischen dem Inhalt von Thermos-Kanne und -Becher schwankenNur das "Mundstück" ist etwas eigenartig\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCompre este producto porque los vasos contigo tienen buena reputación pero llevo dos meses con este y ya está goteando y se le sale el café, de verdad que muy mala compra.\n')
('Sandie', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAll ok, just needs care as rubber seal often comes loose causing leaks. But pop it back in place and things are fine. Otherwise, good mug, especially the way it keeps drinks piping hot.\n')
('Mohammed Akhtar', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPedí este vaso térmico hace 5 meses. Estaba muy contenta con el, tiene buen tamaño, fácil de limpiar, estanco y mantenía bastante bien el calor.Hace aproximadamente un mes iba hacia el trabajo y se me derramo todo el cafe dentro de la mochila. Desde entonces siempre lo llevaba en la mano aunque fuese un poco engorroso.Hoy he tenido que tirar el termo a la basura porque hasta en el posavasos del coche se me salía el cafe por los bordes cada vez que pasaba por un bache. He intentado cerrarlo mas fuerte pero hasta llevándolo en la mano se salía el cafe.Por último, no me importaba tanto el aspecto pero para que sepáis que aún lavándolo a mano se levanta fácil la pintura y la tapa queda fea.\n')
('Richard A Morris', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRubber lining of lid has come out rendering it leaky. Usually a good brand but not this time\n')
('Mohanjit Singh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBrilliant product, keeps tea/coffee hot for ages. Have bought another one after I was delighted with the first. Only thing to be careful of is cleaning the lid, make sure to soak it and then shake to remove any tea/coffee stains within the parts you can't see.\n")
('PaolaGina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat value for money 💰 Leak proof and very easy to drink while on the move ❤️\n')
('Claudia Dellies', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schön\n')
('Ana', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCome da titolo. Essenziale per chi come me adora sorseggiare una bevanda calda nell’arco di queste fredde giornate invernali. Tiene il caldo come pochi thermos e la chiusura è ottima.Consigliatissimo.Spedizione prime come sempre impeccabile\n')
('Mrs J.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this to replace my flask as it said it would keep warm for up to 9 hours but after 3 hours contents are only lukewarm even though they were at boiling point when made, so a waste of money. I liked the fact that it can be washed in the dishwasher\n')
('jonathan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUtilisation très simple et intuitive. Il rentre facilement dans un sac à dos, ne prend pas bcp de place, et le couvercle ne laisse rien sortir.\n')
('Karol Walkowski', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nComo todas las marcas contigo, excelentes.\n')
('Me', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLip of mug too wide liquid spreads to sides and runs down front of chest bib needed\n')
('Sh x', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had previously bought the Oxo Good Grips LiquiSeal Travel Mug which has 3.5 stars but in all honesty, that was completely useless.  Not bad as a hand warmer but in terms of keeping drinks warm, you had to drink it within 10 minutes otherwise it was too cold.  Somebody told me about Contigo so I bought both the West Loop 2.0 and the Byron mugs.  Wow, what a difference!  You can tell the quality of manufacture straight away and as for the thermal qualities, the tea was still piping hot after 4.5 hours.  I would not hesitate in buying one of these.\n')
('John Paul Smyth', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBest flask I've hadEasy operation with one handKeeps drinks uber hotHighly recommended\n")
('C. Camille', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the screw top and the opening and closing mechanism.\n')
('Ali staite', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps tea hot for hours on end. Would definitely recommend.\n')
('burggraeve catherine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally poor, would not buy. Very expensive for such a small flask and doesn’t even keep your drink hot or even warm for longer than two hours. Really disappointed and such a waste of money.\n')
('Ugo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTiene bene il caldo i materiali con cui è costruito sono buoni\n')
('Walenczius', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr liegt gut in der Hand und durch die Gummierung rutscht er auch nicht aus der Hand. Wird von außen nicht heiß, aber der Inhalt bleibt sehr lange heiß. Der Becher ist Dicht. Super Sache.\n')
('fionac', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes what it needs to.\n')
('Inschallah', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecher ist eigentlich sehr gut nur leider hält die Lackierung überhaupt nicht. Einen Tag im Auto und schon Platzte überall im unteren Bereich der Lack ab. Das sollte nicht sein und sieht echt nicht schön aus. Naja nächstes mal wird es ein anderer Becher werden.\n')
('nette Kundin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe diesen tollen Becher bei einem überregionalen Kaufhaus für schlappe 16,95€ gekauft und ich bin absolut zufrieden. Optik und Haptik unterstreichen die gute Qualität. Die Handhabung ist Idiotensicher und der Verschluss ist vollkommen dicht. Der Becher hält auch die Wärme ausreichend lange(trinke meinen Kaffee/Tee meistens innerhalb von 2Std.nach Befüllung). Der Becker liegt gut in der Hand und überträgt keine Wärme von innen. Insgesamt ein sehr gutes Produkt, das ich uneingeschränkt empfehlen kann.\n')
('Loco Clasico', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nL'ho utilizzato poco però è un buon prodotto di qualità e si vede\n")
('SShaw', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was er verspricht. Hält sehr lange heiß. Ist seinen Preis wert.\n')
('Maria ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGewohnte Contigo-Qualität, Becher hält warm und kalt; tolle Optik, tolle Haptik; allerdings ist der Lack anfällig für Farbabschürfungen; Für das Fassungsvermögen noch akzeptable Größe\n')
('Rusu Daniel', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBellissimo da vedere, comodissimo da usare. Utilissimo per avere sempre a portata di mano una bevanda calda o fredda.\n')
('Gwendoline Montenegro Granados', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCumple las expectativa 100%\n')
('jean', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nChers pour ce que sait ! Je suis déçue par ce produit qui n’a rien d’exceptionnel par rapport aux autres mug que l’on trouve à bon marché 😔\n')
('Joanna', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper Thermobecher.Hatte vorher schon einen Contigo aber mit Autoseal System.Von der Bedienung ist das Autoseal System besser. Manchmal bekomme ich den Deckel mit einer Hand nicht auf.Der Nächste Becher wird wieder einer mit Autoseal.\n')
('peetie', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJe suis très contente de ce mug avec une très bonne capacité, il tient bien ses promesses thermique.Je le lave facilemnt à la main, car peur de l'abîmer. J'aime son design sobre et il est bien étanche. Il faut toutefois faire attention si on veut boire directement à la bouche: je ne suis pas très douée, je préfère verser dans un récipient.\n")
('Mark Petrauskas', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI purchased the 720ml mug.  Its a stylish design, keeps my drink hot for several hours and hasn’t leaked.  However, I find it very difficult to drink out of.  Maybe it’s just me but unless I’m extra careful I end up spilling.\n')
('Josephine CATUS', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBecause hot liquid doesn’t last long and turns cold\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nArticle bien pensé pour le système de fermeture.Solide et plus pratique qu'une bouteille en plastique pour les randonnées.Se nettoie en un clin d'oeil.\n")
('ConstantGardener', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this to replace my old contigo mug as it had worn out. Bought in July and it has started to leak already.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot the one I ordered. The one that’s shown is completely different\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAprès plusieurs années d'utilisation toujours aussi efficace tant pour le chaud que pour le froid.... je recommande\n")
('Ms Tracey M Matthews', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJ'ai acheté ce mug il y a maintenant 8 mois et j'en suis totalement satisfait. J'avais un peu peur de la qualité de l'étanchéité car j'avais vu quelques commentaires qui la critiquaient, mais au final je peux retourner le mug tête en bas et le secouer, rien n'en sort.Il est à l'épreuve des coups également, j'en ai fait les frais récemment ; je l'ai fait tomber par mégarde dans mes escaliers, il a dévalé tel une balle rembomdissante sur tout un étage, je l'ai récupéré en bas toujours bien fermé, au sec. Seule séquelle : une marque de coup qui a renfoncé un peu le métal en surface du mug, mais aucun trou, aucune incidence sur son étanchéité.Niveau maintien de température, mon café reste bien chaud pendant deux bonnes heures, mais est encore suffisamment chaud pour être buvable jusqu'à quatre heures si je laisse le capuchon fermé lorsque je ne bois pas. Il remplit donc parfaitement son rôle et je peux profiter de mon café chaque matin jusqu'à midi.Son seul défaut qui ne lui permet pas d'atteindre les 5 étoiles : il arrive parfois (mais très rarement) que le joint d'étanchéité dans le couvercle se retire légèrement et que donc mon café coule. Mais une fois remarqué, celui-ci se replace très facilement et le problème est réglé.En somme, ce mug vaut largement son prix, je ne regrette pas du tout de l'avoir acheté, je recommande.\n")
('matildathecat', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy only fault with this mug is you get a bit of a dribble when drinking from it. However it holds the heat brilliantly\n')
('Rich', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThere are a couple of things I do not like about this mug, first that the lid often either does not allow enough liquid out or it pours all over you :( the other is that when cleaning the lid, the opening to drink from is extremely hard to open which is really annoying (especially then the lid is wet after stating to clean it. I would not buy this product again however it does work really well for keeping drinks hot.\n')
('Gabriele F.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo mantiene la bebida caliente 3 horas, motivo por el que lo compré.No lo recomiendo y no lo volvería a comprar.\n')
('Gavin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent flask cup that keeps your drink hot for up to 5 hours. The only problem I have had is that you have to be careful when cleaning the flip mechanism as I was too bold with it once and broke it. Hence my having to order another one. I am just going to be more careful this time.\n')
('MRS B.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat travel mug. Cleans easy, keeps the contents lovely and hot. No leaks.\n')
('Darroll A.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug I’ve bought, keeps coffee hot for hours and haven’t had a leak from it yet. Bought for first few months after having twins to use during the nights and it has been great\n')
('Fella from Embra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a gift and the recipient is delighted with it\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrue to what they claim, you can claim warranty if item is faulty. They replaced my top lid when the rubber stopper was broken. And I had used it for more than a year now so happy with it.\n')
('levot agnes', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente Producto y entrega rapida!\n')
('Daryl Salisbury', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDisappointed … coffee was lukewarm after an hour. Tried it out twice, first time poured boiling water over the coffee, waited the three minutes as instructed, then put the lid on. It was barely warm after an hour or so. Next time I heated it up by putting in boiling water and leaving it a short while, before emptying and adding hot coffee drink. It was still barely warm after a couple hours. I wouldn’t recommend this product. On the plus side it was leakproof.\n')
('Joel', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHolds plenty, keeps hot for ages and good design. What's not to like? Absolutely nothing.\n")
("Mrs S O'Reilly", '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat product,  doesn't leak and keeps drinks warm enough to drink for 5 hours or more. A tip being if you pour boiling water first in the cup,  leave a few minutes then make your drink.  Prewarming the cup  keeps your drink hotter for longer\n")
('philip oakley', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest travel mug I’ve bought. This one is leak proof, and the lid stays secure.Keeps hot drinks hot for a while also. Definitely recommend.\n')
('Joan', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTodo perfectoDe buena calidad y muy practicoMantiene el agua, cafe, leche, zumo... A la temperatura deseada a lo largo del dia\n')
('quentin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe.encanta el termo.Pero la forma de envío me pareció impresentable ((dentro de un sobre de Amazon sin ninguna protección..... increíble.  Y eso que avisé que era para un regalo y por cierto me llegó sin el ticket regalo.....)Entiendo que estén saturados pero eso nunca puede redundar en bajar su calidad y buen nombre.\n')
('jaime ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOne of my favourite so far (I've brought many) easy to use, clean and leak proof so highly recommend.\n")
('Shweta Mehta', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct arrived with a dent in the side\n')
('Angela', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHave bought this based on other reviews, but mine started leaking the very first day. Have returned it for a replacement and have to try the second one.\n')
('El Lobo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher lässt sich leicht öffnen und hält das Getränk lange heiß.\n')
('clochette', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had a West Loop which I lost and got Byron for it was cheaper. And it is cheaper for a reason :) steel great cup, don’t get me wrong but couple of things I dislike compared to Contigo West loop. 1). The auto seal button clicks open and shut very noisily, not smoothly! My 4m old wakes up if I use the cup while she’s sleeping and this is when I mainly need the cup :/  2). It is a bit tricky to drink from, don’t know how to explain, it is just difficult. Not great for cleaning too, one rubber part that closes the hole opening is very difficult to clean and it gets on my nerves :)Everything else is spot on. Just these 2 downsides are very important to me and ruin my experience. If I knew this I would definitely go for West loop no matter the price, that mug is top!I probably wouldn’t have this criticism if I hadn’t had the West loop before. Thanks\n')
('beverley jones', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe best travel mug I ever had. Drink stays hot for a very long period of time. Sometimes I need to keep the lid open so I can actually drink it, otherwise too hot. Great for trips or period of time longer than two hours. Lightweight than ordinsry flask. The only thing I would say I don't like is to clean/wash the lid, but nothing annoying just got used to it.\n")
('Alan H', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0We have other thermal mugs of the same Contigo brand and they seal perfectly. Yet this recent buy was such a disappointment since it spills badly. The snap seal does not work at all.\n')
('Steven G', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nje peux boire mon café tout en conduisant mon train le maintient au chaud annoncé est réel l'ouverture pour boire ultra pratique en revenche pour ce model l'instrument pour les infusions ne s'adapte pas sur celui ci contrairement à ce que dit l'annonce\n")
('Claire Kennedy', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat price great quality.\n')
('BOOM!', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSono appassionato del caffè/tisane da passeggio, e questa è perfetta per capienza è durata della temperatura. La uso tutti i giorni per portarmi il caffè in ufficio, e nello zaino non perde una goccia, con il caffè caldo fino all’ultimo sorso. Ne ho appena regalata una da 470ml a mia figlia, della stessa linea, con grande soddisfazione mia e di mia figlia. Perfetta\n')
('Carlos Santos', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant cup, keeps the drink very hot for a long time, easily 6 hours plus so I’m very satisfied. I’ve heard claims in the past about drink cups that don’t leak, that has never been my experience until now, seriously...this cup doesn’t leak! I highly recommend it, you won’t be sorry!\n')
('Christian', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my wife so she could have a bit cup of tea upon arriving at work. She ended up leaving the lid off as, by the time she got to work, it was still too hot to drink otherwise.\n')
('CallaRia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks as advised, hot drinks hot for long periods and cold drinks cold very happy\n')
('Paladriaan', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps drinks piping hot - just want was needed\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't keep it hot\n")
('Mamaleone', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBin beeindruckt,z.B. sehr heißer Tee nach 3h immer noch sehr Heiß, nach 4h noch angenehm warm, nach 5h Lauwarm, Einhand-Betrieb des Bechers z.B. im Auto sehr gut,\n')
('Elodie B.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant! Finally a travel cup that I can trust to not leak!!! I happily chuck this in my bag and don’t worry... it really doesn’t leak.My only complaint is it keeps the drink scalding hot for hours so make sure you add cold water if you want to drink it within 5 hours of making it\n')
('Rose wambui', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI mistrust all travel mugs, so on filling them, I always test their leak proofness over the sink. This has proven to be a prudent strategy on several occasions,whatever the manufacturer.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had one before and it lasted years. Just what I need for work\n')
('Mr. N. P. Burr', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlways the best. Got one 3 years running, tried other brands but were no match to my old one. I carry two warm; drinks coffee as well as a lemon and ginger to work being a driver and Contigo got me covered all night\n')
('Marina Rothkopf', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCumple totalmente las espectativas respecto al tiempo que mantiene caliente los líquidos.Capacidad buena y calidad excelente, recomendable compra calidad-precio\n')
('MR AT', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally impressed. Cup very easy to clean hold and drink from. Tea stayed warm for several hours. Would highly recommend.\n')
('Th0ma5', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWell made and keeps really hot.Xpensive but worth it.It's a shame there is no cup with it though!\n")
('Ron.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had same cup before and was fantastic. When I ordered this one, since 1st day there was problem with closing it. Later started leaking in my hand bag destroying other items. Some days ago (after 2 months of struggling) the sill stared coming out each time - so it is useless. At this occasion not worth the price and money of damaged hand bag and items that were  damaged. I hope it will be good for 1-2 years, unfortunately not.\n')
('Khamael Abduljabbar', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am a fan of contigo and this one was just as good as the rest. Good sturdy product. No leaks. The size is slightly wider than the average so does not fit into my car cup holder but its fine for using outdoors and keeps the heat.\n')
('Kels', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAsked people if I can clean without a bottle brush , they all say no , but I can put my hands in to clean which what I want I have small hands though . Product is great come next day , was very happy with the fast delivery. Good size exactly what I need ,thank you.\n')
('Yaya', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI didn't expect to pay more than £20 to buy something and found out it is made in China. Can't you state it somewhere obvious in the ad?When I used it this morning, it keeps pouring out over from the side. My shirt, desk, chair all get coffee stain. I can only finish my coffee by removing the lid.\n")
('Stardancer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Thermobecher ist gut verarbeitet. Da gäbe es nichts zu meckern. Allerdings lässt sich der Trink- Verschluss nur extrem schwer öffnen, nix für zarte Hände.Die Konkurrenz ist besser und auch günstiger.\n')
('Carl Rchards', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas very happy with it for the first few weeks then the lid began leaking so it is useless now!\n')
('Danielle', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought twice, both times seal broke and leaked after no more than 3-4 weeks.\n')
('James Haynes', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI used the regularly spend 10 pounds or so on a Costa o'r Starbucks flask that would last a few months. This has lasted me ages and is still like new, is completely like proof, I can honestly say I 100% trust putting this loose in my backpack! It's easy to use and drink from (though when I first got it I thought it was a fully flip open clip lid and thought you drink from the other side to where you actually drink from, took a few minutes to realise how it actually works!  It's great, looks amazing, keeps my tea/coffee hot for hours too, I make a coffee for work at about 8am, I'm still usually drinking it around 12:30/1pm and it's perfect.Cleaning is pretty easy, though the stopper for the drink hope doesn't quite come far enough away to comfortably get a sponge in-between it and the lid without feeling like you might snap it, though I've recently discovered the rubber part of the stopper is detachable, so that solves that issue! Honestly never been happier with a flask, even though it is about 20 quid, it is well worth the money!\n")
('Briony E.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHand washed only and inside lining comes away within a few months and makes the drink taste disgusting whilst bits of the lining float to the top. Expensive but don’t expect it to last if using every day for work.\n')
('Oliver Kraft', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDiese Thermotassw sieht schön aus, sie läuft nicht aus, sie hält lange heiß, von außen ist es nicht zu heiß, wenn man sie anfässt und es lässt sich sehr schon daraus trinken!\n')
('Ced 57', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis may be watertight but it’s not heatproof. The lid is too thin. I have another similar flask that is way better at keeping my coffee hot.\n')
('Esther', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nUn mug grand et pratique, simplement pour ceux qui cherchent à savoir où c'est fabriqué, c'est du made in China.\n")
('Margaret Nealon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat product, good quality, keep drinks hot all day and doesn't leak.\n")
('Vivienne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nValue for money, keeps hot drinks up to 6 / 7 hours! Really impressed!\n')
('Cristian Dinicuta', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat for the first few months, used as instructed but the bottom has fallen off. Very disappointed.\n')
('Mr. Sean Spencer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product 👌\n')
('Sophie harrington', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs muy bonito y conserva la temperatura\n')
('HH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUn poco pesado, pero mantiene el frío bastante tiempo. Un poco caro tambien, pero a pesar de todo no del todo mala compra, estoy contenta que en pleno verano mantenga la temperatura fría y me gustaría que que tuviera 1 litro.\n')
('Chris', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas fine for first few months after a few washes seal was knackered.\n')
('Gemma Campbell', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe best travel cup I have ever bought , it’s just perfect does not spill a drop easy to drink from and  keeps drink hot all day. I am a teacher so every so often I can take a sip or two and this cup has changed my days I how have hot tea or coffee all day. If your reading this I’m saying buy it you won’t regret it\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOttimo prodotto ottimo venditore\n')
('Nicole', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nMe encanta, mantiene bastante tiempo el calor.\n')
("Pat O'Leary", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcept for one disappointment I am very pleased with my travel mug.  It certainly keeps my coffee hot, it is easy to drink from without spillages and it is most definitely leak proof. The only negative is that I cannot open the mug one handed as stated in the advert, the mechanism is too stiff and I have to use both hands which is not clever when driving!  However, as it is 100% leakproof I am going to use this mug when out walking, on the train etc as I can carry it in my bag assured it will not leak.  I shall use alternative mugs in the car.\n')
('ray martinez', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug. Holds heat brilliantly, easy to hold & drink from\n')
('Liz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this mug\n')
('Quentin R.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSpills coffee all over you and/or you dribble it.So this cup has been poorly designed, its completely useless.The problem is unless you have a mouth like a horse there is no way to stop coffee spilling down your chin.Because of the shape of the rounded shape of the mouth peice you tip the coffee up and it dribbles down the side of your face.The whole point is that a travel mug stops drinks spilling. I note there is no vehicle photos in the images and only a man sat on the fishing slipway. I see why now.I got so fed up i sent it back to amazon and picked up the Contigo West Loop Autoseal instead which has a shaped mouth peice which means you actually get coffee in your mouth when you drink from it.\nContigo West Loop Autoseal Travel Mug 2.0 - New Model With Lid Lock - 470ml (Matte Black) - OTHER COLOURS AVAILABLE')
('Anderson', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood\n')
('Anja', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider hält es nicht so warm nach einer Stunde,ansonsten top Qualität\n')
('Damiana', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEn un principio me pareció que estaba muy bien, aguantaba el calor hasta 4 horas.  Esto duró unos tres meses. Ahora hace un mes aproximadamente que se le soltó una goma de la tapa y finalmente se acaba derramando el líquido interior.No se corresponde el precio con la mala calidad del producto.\n')
('GalvinSansford', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell built and good temperature controlled mug..\n')
('lynsey ogilvie', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeak proof, keeps drink hot for hours, nice toHold, lightweight\n')
('Miss B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was VERY disappointed with this. It definitely didn't keep drinks hot for  6+ hours.The photos show how quickly the temperature of my coffee went down.I also took the temperature by putting the probe through the hole that you drink through and the drop in temperature was pretty much the same.The only good thing about this was that it was 100% leak proof.I have now returned it for a refund and I've purchased a similar one for half the price.\n")
('natalie binks', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHolds the heat for hours, easy to clean and a narrow lip so easy to drink from.\n')
('Anonym', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMeine Frau ist mehr als begeistert.\n')
('Alex Pavy', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFailed within 6 weeks use, seal has stretched so will not go back in.. no offer of a replacement,25 minutes on Amazon chat to be told they will issue a refund once they have the product back; waste of money.\n')
('John', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a well designed product. Robust and easy to clean. Fits in my Hilux cupholder perfectly.\n')
('Carla Haberkorn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally really disappointed- after having just 3 months this products starting leaking everywhere and the seal had broken. It is not leak- proof!!!. I do not therefore this is worth the investment\n')
('La mu', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nUn mug qui fuit après 3 semaines d'utilisation (peu intense), je l'avais acheté pour m'accompagner sur la route, déçu +++ de l'achat à ce prix, dommage\n")
('Mr. R. Wyatt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct is easy to hold and drink from but it fails to keep drinks hot for more than two hours. I wouldn’t recommend if, like me, you want a hot drink to stay hot for 4 hours or so.\n')
('Patrick Costello', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad a couple of these over the years, best leakproof mug available.\n')
('Carla P.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermobecher lässt keine für mich Wünsche offen. Fünf Sterne in Auslaufsicherheit und auch in Wärmeleistung. Dafür zahlt man gern ein paar Euro mehr. Der dicke Gummiring auf der Außenseite garantiert, dass der Becher auch mit nassen Händen (oder Handschuhen :D) sicher festgehalten werden kann und das Blau ist eine wirklich schöne Farbe.\n')
('A. Horn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch benutze ihn bei mir auf Arbeit und es hält richtig lange warm, bin sehr zufrieden damit\n')
('Allison Olding', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove the vibrant colour, it's leak proof and easy to clean, very good to drink from giving just the right amount. It keeps drinks hot for hours and I'll be using it on days out. I'm very pleased with it.\n")
('Caz Davies', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLlevo más de un añó usándolo y es el mejor termo que he tenido, mantiene el agua caliente durante muchas horas. Hay que cuidarlo bien por fuera ya que es un poco susceptible de rayones.\n')
('Amanda Milsom', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeaked\n')
('mayte', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUn seul mot pour qualifier cet achat: Parfait\n')
('LauRa', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\npas mal, mais peux mieux faire , ouverture en une seul main est très difficile, obligé de l'utiliser avec deux mains , je laisse le bouton ouvert pendant la conduite , sinon le rest est bien\n")
('Felix', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe first time I used the mug it nearly melted my mouth, I have since learned that adding cold water is the only way to have a drink that is drinkable after 2 hours.Great mug, keeps hot drinks got for hours even In  sub zero tempratures\n')
('Princess ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCertainly appears to be leak proof, hasn't leaked yet.Keeps hot to warm for at least eight hours in a chilled environment.The only thing to remember is the steam pressure which builds up upon filling it up and placing the lid on. If you pop the drinking tab it will spit at you.Very good flask, easy to clean and the rubber hand grip is showing no signs of warping or degradation after a month of constant use.\n")
('MzC', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have had four of these (still have) dropped them pit them dishwasher.  1 goes to work with me every day.  This one my son uses, he is a quadriplegic and the grip means he can easily use this mug plus it does really keep warm all day!!\n')
('Denise Cliente Amazon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe bottle keeps hot/worm for long periods of time. I love how the seal/drinking is done. Very easy with one hand. Really pleased with quality overal.The pain chips away very easily, i was aware it might happen when i bought it but i`m not too fussed about the paint.\n')
('Suresh', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUse this for a daily commute and it keeps my coffee warm all day.\n')
('Adrian', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNach 2 1/2 Jahren ist mein Vorgänger Modell so langsam verschlissen (Gummi zum halten löst sich auf und fühlt sich dadurch klebrig an), so dass ich auf den Nachfolger zurückgreife. Solides Design, gute Eigenschaften in Punkten wie Wärme, Trinkbarkeit und Dichtheit.\n')
("Ms. R. J. O'Dell", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOnly just purchased this. so far it keeps my coffee hot for at least 2 hours and then lukewarm for another 1-2hours. The mug did arrive with a dent on the side which I found very annoying. The seal is a flick up and down to allow you drink and I hope the mechanism lasts long enough but so far so good.\n')
('Julie McGahon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfecto tal cual como lo quería. Siempre he usado esta marca y es original además\n')
('S. Manning', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA great travel cup for my husband! He is in his car all day so needs a leakproof cup and this does the job brilliantly!  Easy to drink from and clean. His only gripe is that it keeps his drink took hot! Highly recommend!\n')
('Disney2018', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente producto\n')
('RAFAEL', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToujours au chaud , toujours au froid . Ce mug est top . Attention dans cette couleur il marque un peu mais rien de bien important\n')
('Maik Rohland', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMein Freund ist begeistert.Der Kaffee bleibt super lange nicht nur warm sondern heiß!!!Absolute Empfehlung !!!\n')
('daniele maugeri', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nN a jamais garde de liquide chaud et le pire est le bouchon qui s ouvre et tout le liquide qui se repand..je deconseille\n')
('Maudex', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased as a gift as i still use my own every day still after two years\n')
('Laura', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes not leak at all and very easy to clean\n')
('Jose', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is great product. Bought to keep my coffee warm to save using the kettle too much. Keeps liquid warm for hours even with the drink hole open.\n')
('username', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst schon meine zweite die erst hat es nach ca 5 Jahren geschaft da ging den der Deckel kaputt. Die neuen Macht alles gut man muss nur drauf achten das der Deckel richtig zu ist und die Sicherung nicht durch irgentwas in der Tasche gelöst wir. Wird bestimmt auch nicht die letzte sein die ich mir zulege.\n')
('c k one', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBEST CUP I'VE USED\n")
('ZAM', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider bin ich von dem Thermobecher sehr enttäuscht; ich habe schon 2 andere Modell, mit denen ich sehr zufrieden bin, aber diser Thermobecher hat eine zum Trinken sehr ungeeignete Öffnung, wenn man nicht ganz vorsichtig ist, läuft die Flüssigkeit daneben. Beim Schließen der Öffnung spritzt dann noch ein letzter Tropfen Kaffee auf die Kleidung, schade schade. Kann ich leider nicht empfehlen\n')
