('Amanda ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've had Contigo previously for several years and only needed an upgrade since I've dropped mine so many times it's scratched on the outside. So I tried this one, and it's as good as the old one. Will hold coffee hot for hours, it doesn't leak (I have it lying down in my bag in the mornings), and it's pretty. Definitely the best brand of coffee mugs!\n")
('I', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHave bought two of these: one for coffee and one for tea. After 3 years of daily use it is still as good as on day one. No leakages, even when shaking upside down, or laying on its side for hours. Keeps liquids warm for a really long time. What I like most about it is that you do not have to slide something to drink from it, and that nothing pops up and hits your nose while drinking. Also, with some mugs you need two hands to drink from it: one to hold and the other to press/open the lid/opening. With the Contigo mugs you press with your thumb while holding it and the auto-seal snaps back as soon as you release. It also fits nicely in your hand. Countless walks with the dogs made even more pleasurable with the Contigo Pinnacle travel mug.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove the style! I got the all black version and it looks stealthy!! Keeps my coffee hot for a couple hours. I only wanted it for the car journey in the morning anyway! Love it. You won’t be disappointed!\n')
('mike fleury', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI do not have the time or effort to return items i just search very hard for the very best of a product unfortunately this came cracked raising questions to its durability and quality control\n')
('hesham farahat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nV nice and heavy duty product\n')
('JoaArroyo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPara el te va de maravilla y aguanta calor hasta una hora y media, tener cuidado porque realmente lo aguanta bastante\n')
('Eder', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCierre hermético. Conserva la temperatura por mucho tiempo. Entra algo más de una taza y media de café, de las grandecitas.\n')
('Isaroll', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nC'est le 3ème que j'achète, celui ci est inox et c'est mieux car la peinture s'enlève mais par contre le chaud tient à peux près 1 heure et c'est mieux si on met de l'eau bouillante pour chauffer avant le mug, mais c'est normal puisque il y a pas beaucoup de liquide, les plus grands garde très longtemps chaud car la quantité est plus grande et c'est la même qualité mais en plus petit, moins il y a de liquide et plus ça refroidi vite...La qualité du produit est très bonne à part la peinture qui s'écaille....Je les aimes beaucoup, pour moi Contigo ont les meilleurs mug du marché 👍C'est dommage qu'il ont pas un fond enti dérapant dans tous les modèles...Je recommande ce produit.\n")
('Fiona Lesslie', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt only kept my coffee hot for about 2 hours and that was after heating the flask with boiling water first 😓\n')
('Habesh', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery bad quality\n')
('Bm', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNul ne vaut pas le west loop ne garde pas les boissons chaudes tièdes au bout de une heure\n')
('citygent99', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLove the design, completely leak proof, but it doesn't keep drinks hot for nearly as long as the larger version of the Contigo. Leave coffee any longer than 1 hour and it's pretty tepid. Disappointing.\n")
('Suzi11', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nPetit mug super pratique au travail, en voyage ou tout simplement toujours dans mon sac à main. Tient bien la chaleur et sans soucis d'avoir peur des fuites. Très contente de mon achat et jamais déçu par la marque CONTIGO.\n")
('GMarvel', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUn peu gros, ce qui ne facilite pas la prise en main. Conserve la chaleur 2-3h environ si la boisson est bien chaude au départ. Facile à nettoyer. Belle couleur et beau matériau. Etanchéité impeccable.\n')
('Maigon', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nTres beau, étanchéité impeccable mais tiens pas longtemps la chaleur dommage.\n')
('BJD', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat secure safe container, keeps drinks hot or cold for long durationGreat build quality\n')
('Siggi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToller to go Becher, absolut dicht, hält lange warm und schaut auch noch schick aus!\n')
('Peter Hyngar', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\n... weil leider das Preis-Leistungsverhältnis nicht stimmt: Made in China! Habe ich retouniert!\n')
('LALA', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTrès joli.très efficace pour garder la chaleur, et il est bien étanche.Malheureusement, il s'abime déjà après quelques utilisations.La couleur sur le fer s'écaille et dans très peu de temps, ce sera plus beau du tout car il sera gris au lieu de sa couleur d'origine !! Dommage car il a très peu de défaut mais celui ci est important\n")
('Andrea', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDopo 2 mesi di utilizzo è ancora perfetta. Molto resistente infatti dopo le numerose cadute è ancora intatta e senza bozze. Tiene il caffe caldo per circa 3 ore e mezza. Sistema di chiusura del tappo fantastica\n')
('swol', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKlein leicht cool perfekt nicht billig\n')
('Kerstin K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGrossartiger Kaffeebecher.  Würde ich wieder kaufen.\n')
('A. Jahn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper im Gebrauch, hält lange warm und ist sehr gut auslaufsicher\n')
('Kinashe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this to make hot chocolate for my 5 year old granddaughter when we're out and about.  She loves it and feels really proud of being able to unlock it herself and press the button to drink.  Never leaks. Keeps drinks warm.  Easy to clean. Only put the lid in the dishwasher not the cup part.  If you put the cup part in the dishwasher the outside colour coating comes off.\n")
('KMM', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLid is a bit deep - it's hard to clean the button that deals hole in the lid - but completely leapfrog and Keeps drinks got if you out boiling water in first.\n")
('RaZia-76', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\n2eme mug thermos Contigo commandé (j'étais satisfait du style et du bon fonctionnement du precedent). Or celui-ci (prévu pour un cadeau) est arrivé dans une simple enveloppe-bulle. Il avait une grosse impacte sur le bas. La destinataire du cadeau a préféré le conserver mais nous etions déçus.\n")
('besteller', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nguter becher für schnell verbraucher / trinker .hält die wärme sehr schlecht !schon nach 1ner std. nur noch warm statt heiss.\n')
('Gnomes', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot as good as my boyfriends contigo travel cup. Not as big and the colour is flaking off.Keeps drinks warm for fair few hours which is handy as I generally forgot to drink at work.\n')
('Daren F.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoesn't matter what drink you have its has a horrible plastic taste to it,also when you depress the button to have a drink it can spurt out.Would not recommend\n")
('Will', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nProduct claims to keep drinks hot for three hours. It doesn't keep them remotely hot. After two hours my drink was warm, not hot. It was coffee and had cooled too much to be drinkable. I followed instructions. Pre heated cup. Added hot coffee. It just isn't good enough.The lid is easy to clean because it can go in dishwasher. The cup bit can't go in dishwasher but is fairly easy to clean.It's definitely leak proof as well.But because it doesn't keep things hot it's kind of pointless. Really disappointed.\n")
('Cesar', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTres bon article\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nMe encanta! No se vierte y es muy cómodo y práctico\n')
('Brian Landry', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGood Travel mug, keeps the coffee nice & warm for about 2 hours (in my experience)Cleaning it isn't too bad either, I've just had to apply a little more effort to clean out the coffee from around the spring mechanism but other than that I like the mug\n")
('Angela J.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat product. Doesn't leak at all!\n")
('edaurd', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery Good\n')
('mrs mole', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought as a gift\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nReceived the item with a dent. Very displeased\n')
('FX Parabellum', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bonne marque. C’est mon 2ème contigo. Il y’a plusieurs contenances et couleurs. Grade très bien au chaud pendant 3/4h.\n')
('John Danzig', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehr schöner Becher, hält absolut dicht, ist vollkommen geschmacksneutral und hält Getränke über einen langen Zeitraum warm.ABER...300ml ist wirklich sehr wenig, zumindest für mich, ich würde den größeren empfehlen, auch wenn die Lackierung echt Geschmackssache ist.Und der Becher passt nicht in alle Getränkehalter im Auto.Die, die sich variabel anpassen lassen kein Problem.Die, die aber nur eine Aufnahme in der Mittelkonsole haben, wie z.B. Kleinwagen à la VW Polo, keine Chance, der Fuß ist schlicht zu breit.\n')
('Durand', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNiveau chaleur ne tient pas longtempsEt le plus gros problème c’est qu’il ne rentre pas dans les portes-gobelet de la voiture !Le matin pour le café c’est embêtant\n')
('bazza', '1,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nFor what it cost it’s a waste of money hot drink was Stone cold after 3 hours even after a preheat.Lid gets hot straight away\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery disappointed. Claimed to keep a drink hot for three hours. It does not. Luke warm after two hours. Not up to the usual Contigo standard.\n')
('Sarah Pamintas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe travel mug is excellent it has an open and close lock on te drinking hole which allows for extra security if travelling around. Hot liquid stays warm for hours. Also a great feature is when you wash the lid you and remove the locking part to wash in-between  and easy push back down afterwards. Would recommend to anyone travelling or in a physical job, this is perfect\n')
('The Moo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis was a great purchase. If you heat the mug up first with boiling water, your drink will remain hot for even longer. 100% leakproof, the locking mechanism gives you reassurance that you won’t cover the contents of your bag with coffee. It is a bit fiddly cleaning the lid, but this minimal down side does not detract from the great mug that this is.\n')
('Alex C.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot really sure how it is possible for a hot drinks cup to apparently melt?It was a mothers’ present from my son’s to my wife and she was very much enjoying it as it was keeping her drinks much warmer than previous cups - up to 4 hours.But unfortunately it is broken due to some sort of melting! Very annoying\n')
('Sri', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHot drinks don’t stay hot for long enough,Easy to clean the bare but not the top.\n')
('Michael Richter', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFunktion ist perfekt. Leider ist der beim schwarzen Becher der Deckel grau und nicht wie abgebildet schwarz\n')
('Adri', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs muy bueno si no fuera por el sabor a plástico que deja en el café. Al principio pensaba que era jabón, ya que quizás no lo había aclarado bien. Pero siempre deja un regustillo a plástico en el café.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis flask does not keep liquids hot at all & was therefore an expensive water bottle. I have similar flasks and they are excellent so this one is particularly disappointing.\n')
('Bm', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduit qui ne conserve pas du tout la chaleur des liquides par rapport au west loop de la même marque.\n')
('DM', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've been using this Travel Mug for a month and still it's a great Travel Mug. The button and the lock is pretty clever, and it still looks as stylish now as it did new. So far so good.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Thermokaffee Becher hält den Kaffee sehr lange warm, bin sehr zufrieden\n')
('Mélanie ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJe conseille +++++Je la prépare le matin pour le trajet pour aller au travail. Niveau étanche genial! Je suis miss catastrophe et elle est tombée plus d'une fois dans la voiture : sans une seule goutte !Pour la nettoyer genial ! Le fait que ça se bascule permet un bon nettoyage qui n'est pas négligeable pour ce genre de produit !Concernant la chaleur ? Je me suis brûlée la langue avec un café coulé de la senseo. J'étais partie du bureau en revenant je prend une gorgée : ah la chaleur est toujours la !Bref je recommande\n")
('Monika', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper toller thermobecher. Der Kaffee bleibt lange heiß. Der einzigste Manko ist die Farbe blättert schnell ab\n')
('chris', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo gotea y de limpieza facil. Cómodo de llevar y de beber con el mientras caminas.La temperatura caliente ( aún calentando previamente el termo ) no la aguanta mucho, en 2 horas el café ya esta templado.En frio va para lo mismo.\n')
('L. fdez Ortega', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCompré 2 botellas para regalo, casi 70 euros las dos, y ni siquiera una triste caja de cartón para su presentación, una simple pegatina y punto...increíble de verdad. Hay botellas en los chinos mejor presentadas.Lo demás correcto, precio excesivo y simplemente correcta la calidad en si de la botella\n')
('Kindle Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy use, ideal for cruises, ideal for local trips to beach,\n')
('Saleh Alamri', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood\n')
('BVA', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nMy son has this thermo cup for three years in use every day at school already - it has dropped and has a dent in it, but not broken. We only needed to buy a new one now as it was left at school before corona closed down everything and were not allowed into the place where it might have been. So bought a new one, exactly the same since it is so strong, closes in a great way without leaking from either the lid or the drinking opening. Great you can lock it, so in the bag it won't accidently open.Only little thing that is a bit difficult is to clean the lid from the inside in a good way if the cup has been left a day at school and the milk would dry out a bit.. as you can't reach the place where the feather for closing/opening is located in a good way by hand-brush it then has to go in the dishwasher, but I guess a night in warm water with some soap might also do the trick of cleaning it again.\n")
('Miss Amazoni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe den perfekten Kaffeebecher für schusselige Autofahrer gefunden. Der Contigo Thermobecher besticht durch seine Optik. Er ist leicht zu reinigen und mit 300ml perfekt für einen großen Kaffee. Er verschließt sicher und es läuft nichts aus. Man drückt während des Trinkens auf den Knopf und hat eine Trinköffnung. Schöne metallische Farbe und liegt gut in der Hand. Ich werde jetzt weniger Kaffeeflecken auf Polster und Tshirt haben.\n')
('Nick', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt's ok. It does have a habit of spitting a small amount of hot drink at your face if you hold it too close when pressing the open button, as internal & external pressure suddenly equalizes. Hold it further away. Stops doing this when drink has cooled a little. Minor detail which is easy to manage.\n")
('Mégg', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nNe coule pas. Garde la chaleur. Top 👌🏻Le seul bémol pour moi est l'ouverture pour boire a laquelle je n'avais pas l'habitude mais on s'y fait.\n")
('Ian a weedon', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought one that was dish washer safe. After 5 or six times in the dish washer the paint started peeling off.\n')
('Aniusia', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe paint keeps peeling off. This is my second one, I've replaced first one hoping this was a one time off.Don't buy if you fancy a mug with less and less colour on it and bits of paint sticking to your fingers, face...I like the mechanism and the drinking felt a bit funny at first, but okay to get used to.But for the price I would have expected top quality and not a cheaply made product.\n")
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSimplemente es perfecta. Cumple su función al 100%, mantiene la bebida caliente y es completamente hermético. No se sale ni una gota. El botón de autoseal es muy práctoco, ya que evita que pueda derramarse el contenido en un despiste.\n')
('Jay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIdeal for drinking on the move. No leaks! Withholds a bit of throwing about too.\n')
('Julian ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEn 4 horas a perdido la temperatura está un poco tibio.\n')
('florencia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente y cómodo\n')
('sapper1204', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoesn’t keep drinks hot for more than about 2-3 hours\n')
('Sara', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs muy comodo\n')
('Juliane Runge', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOptisch ist der Becher super und auch von der Handhabung. Er hält auch super dicht und auch meine 3 jährige Tochter kann daraus trinken.Die wichtigste Eigenschaft wird jedoch nicht erfüllt....er hält nicht warm.Heiser Tee oder Kaffe ist bereits nach 2-3 Stunden Lauwarm. Da hält meine Thermosflasche für 10€ wesentlich besser warm!\n')
('Gemma Willis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a great flask keep my coffee hot for up to 6hrs. Prefect size to travel with.\n')
('Müller A.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIn advance:my wife and me are using daily, since 5+ years, this Contigo cups "West Loop" in 2 sizes (470 & 700 ml).They are in heavy use @ home, work, travelling by car or bicycle.....Pro:- keeps warm for hours (as long you don\'t have bigger dents in the cup)- no leaking (no flooded backpacks :-)- open lid mechanism; easy cleaning by hand or dishwasher- fits in most car cupholder- cup doesn\'t  brake if it falls to floor- lid could get purchased separately- use stainless steel surface onlyCon:- quite expensive (but cup lasts for years)- coloured coating (except stainless steel :-) peels of, by heavy use- lid (old version w/o release function) shows pusher fatigue fracture (ordered single lids as a replacement for a fair price)- you have to seperate cup for coffee vs cup for tea (but this is not a Contigu issue)Tip:if your coloured coating doesn\'t look good anymore. Just use a paint stripper to get rid of it.Then you\'ll have a shiny stainless steel cup.  Before you use it again, make sure you have cleaned your cup sufficient.Personally - I love my cup, because I didn\'t found a better one\n')
('0049', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDies ist nun der zweite Becher. Den ersten musste ich reklamieren. Er hatte eine Lackschicht, die sich schon bei Ankunft abblätterte. Nun habe ich den silbernen gewählt, um keine Lackschicht drauf zu haben. Angekommen was muss ich sehen, die Oberfläche sieht vollkommen verätzt aus. Ging nicht ab. Musste also wieder zurück. Man ist davon genervt . Wie gut er funktioniert kann ich nicht sagen. Habe es nicht ausprobiert\n')
('mrs t jacob', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoesn’t keep drinks as warm as other contigo cups lid difficult to put on\n')
('jose_lillo', '4,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEsta bien, algo "basto" para mi gusto.\n')
('Chrissie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWer contigo kennt weiß was er kauft. Klare Empfehlung\n')
('Francisco Nicolás Sanz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCómodo, pequeño y muy útil para transporte para el trabajo. Tiene pinta de ser bastante resistente, esperemos que el color no se le vaya.\n')
('Snoopy', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter putting hot coffee in this, within an hour it was too cool to drink\n')
('Melanie Ziegler', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIst schon mein dritter Becher der Marke, aber der erste bei dem die Beschichtung abblättert. Davon abgesehen ist die Qualität super, hält dicht und lange warm. Ich werde aber keinen mehr mit Beschichtung kaufen sondern nur noch aus reinem Edelstahl.\n')
('Franck B.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEtanche et pratique mais malheureusement ne garde pas longtemps la chaleurRien a voir avec son grand frère de la même marque qui est au top\n')
('brinek', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZweimal verschenkt und wegen positiver Rückmeldung auch noch für mich selber gekauft. Schönes Design und auslaufsicher, ganz prima. Da freut sich auch die Umwelt.\n')
('David', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this 4 drive 2 go and see my 91 year old grandad (2 hour drive) it did keep it hot but it needs 2 b wider hight is great but it's 2 thin 4 a good old mug of tea other then that we'll made strong no leaks but needs 2 b wider\n")
('c', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nYa había probado otro tamaño mayor...este no mantiene igual el calor...se enfría antes\n')
('Magali R', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès étanche, garde bien la chaleur, passe au lave vaisselle.Cependant la couleur sur le gobelet part au bout de quelques lavages\n')
('Alison T.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe drinking slot is slightly too recessed for comfortable and easy drinking. Easier to remove the lid entirely when drinking.\n')
('Jedi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat size, 100% leak proof, nice lock function and drinking mechanism. Keeps things hot for a good period of time for the volume it holds. Easy to clean\n')
('Calum M.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use this for golf for hot and cold drinks.\n')
('Marc BZH', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLe produit est vraiment très bon en utilisation pour du café ou du thé. Rien à redire c'est vraiment un produit de qualité. (Utilisation au bureau tous les jours)\n")
('S.K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher entspricht den Produktfotos. Tolle Farbe!! Am Wichtigsten ist, dass er wirklich dicht ist und nicht ausläuft.\n')
('el jokko', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI searched for a few days to chose the right travel mug for me.  This seemed ideal but I am very disappointed with ito  the finish around the top of cup where threads are is very poor. Not sharp to cut anything but very rough.o  If I leave a full freshly made coffee on it.  Its only luke warm an hour laterBut the best bit.  I bought a no name brand from tesco for £2.50 (on sale from 7.50).  And it stays scalding warm for hours even with lid popped open!Shame on you Contigo\n')
('Stopy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLos vasos contigo son para toda la vida,m\n')
('Fabulizz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEndlich bleibt das Getränk wirklich richtig heiß im Becher und das laaange. Absolut auslaufsicher. Tolles Teil.\n')
('Hollie W.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOk so I read every review before buying this and thought I'd made the right choice. Unfortunately it's the wrong size for a standard cup holder in the car so it falls over but the leak proof button kicks in then. It also doesn't keep my coffee hot for more than 2 hours max so not fit for purpose intended. Grand for short journeys. Requested a refund and got one so I'm happy with the aftercare.\n")
('Irmdard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHe usado contigo desde hace aproximadamente 12 años y pes no tengo nada de que quejarme, a lo largo de los años han evolucionado y este tamaño no lo tenia y pes estoy encantada porq para la taza de café o te por la mañana que yo particularmente me gusta tomármela poco a poco, es un exito porq se mantiene caliente durante toda la mañana y jamás se derrama.. es q no puedo decir más, es un contigo :)\n')
('Christelle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIdéal pour moi ! la double sécurité assure une étanchéité en toute situation.J’ai opté pour le «\xa0petit\xa0» format... puis ai acheté le grand également !Simple à laver et à transporter.\n')
('EDR', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGourde achetée pour mon fils, pour amener au collège. Jolie, solide, et surtout Bien étanche, elle conserve son eau à température agréable. ( pas encore testé en été )\n')
('Daniel SF', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJunto con el accesorio para infusiones, es el compañero perfecto para el trabajo conduciendo. Manteniendo la temperatura.\n')
('Luisa', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider bin ich extrem enttäuscht von diesen Thermobechern. Sie erfüllen optisch zwar ihren Zweck, tuen aber lange nicht das, wofür sie werben. Egal ob Tee, Kaffe oder Kakao.. Er ist leider 0, nichts kalt und ungenießbar. Zudem ist die Form dieses Thermobechers so unpraktisch, dass sie in keinem Becherhalter hinein passen. So eine schlechte Qualität habe ich selten gesehen und kann bis auf den Optischen Hingucker nichts. Preis und Leistung ist hier Mangelhaft. Da hätte ich mir besser ein schönes Glas für kaufen können.\n')
('Cesar Gonzalez', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVersion ideal para los ninos ya que te da el mismo beneficio de los grandes usados normalmente para adultos pero en un tamano mas practico y manejable para los ninos. Sobretodo para verano estabamos buscando opciones que fuese manejables por ellos pero que de igual forma mantuviesen la temperatura de la bebida. Nuevamente Contigo ha demostrado por que son expertos en el campo.\n')
('Michaela S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält top dicht, eine Zeit lang auch warm. Gut für unterwegs\n')
('Milla', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange warm, läuft nicht aus! Allerdings kann man das auch günstiger bekommen!Trotzdem hält er was er verspricht, daher 5 Sterne.\n')
('j5467', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have these travel mugs but the spout on this one is terrible\n')
('Jose A. Llorente', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTras 2 meses de uso, simplemente decir que no mantiene las bebidas calientes.Incluso echando agua hirviendopreviamente para que vaya cogiendo calor el termo, la leche hirviendo y el café según sale de la cafetera, no mantiene el calor ni una hora.El tamaño es perfecto, la válvula no pierde líquido, pero...  tomarse el café frío no es lo que buscaba cuando lo compré.\n')
('Andrés Agustín Rubio Cáceres', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGenial me conserva mucho tiempo\n')
('ancla ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMantiene caliente el café apenas hora y media. He probado ha echar agua caliente y cerrar el termo mientras preparo el café y luego quítala y echar ya el café así aguanta 2horas y sale templado. Me espera más me ha defraudado.\n')
('Erica', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs la segunda vez que compro un vaso de Contigo. La calidad es excelente, mantiene la bebida caliente más de 2 horas. Las tapas se lavan en lavavajillas por lo que están siempre impecables, sin dejar olor en caso de cambiar de infusión.\n')
('entSpannt', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ndies ist nun bereits Becher Nummer 6 als Geschenk - sind absolut begeistert - die ersten beiden wurden bereits 2015 angeschafft und sind immer noch in Gebrauch\n')
('rosi hernandez padilla', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantástica.\n')
('Michael Duffy', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe mug is far smaller than i thought, but this is irrelevent as if it was any larger the drink would be ice cold by the time you finished it.  Supposed to stay hot for 3 hours but after 40 minutes the drink is already starting to cool rapidly.  I've bought others from Contigo - in fact this purchase was to replace a previous Contigo mug which i loved but it comes nowhere near the quality you'd expect from this company.  If i hadnt thrown away the box it would have been an immediate return.\n")
('t.f.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEndlich ein qualitativer Termobecher, den man vernünftig reinigen kann.\n')
('Laët', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper\n')
('Moien', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nwir haben jetzt schon mehrere Contigo Produkte und sind damit auch an sich zufrieden.Diese variante des Bechers  hat leider einen "Schönheitsfehler" da das Motiv an der Stelle wo man den Becher hält leider verwischt (siehe Foto)Natürlich kann man über die Restliche Qualität des Bechers nicht meckern.Die Getränke bleiben heiß/kalt über den Tag hinweg und bei dem Becher kommt der (imho) bessere Verschlussmechanismus zum Einsatz, womit auch Kohlensäure kein Problem darstellt.\n')
('antonio', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente producto\n')
('Sharon james', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot recommended for someone who has weak hands or arthritis as you need good strength to push the drink release button\n')
('Katerina', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nLove the leakproof part\n')
('Andrea Wiedemann', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBeschreibung trifft zu.\n')
('Leonie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product is amazing and keeps your drink hot or cold and doesn’t leak, which I wanted.\n')
('Colin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis product was recommended by a friend. I purchased the travel mug, loved using it, but its such a great product that my wife has claimed it. I will by buying another one from Contigo!\n')
('R.P.', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nEl termo es cómodo y con un cierre seguro.Pensaba que aguantaria más horas el calor.\n')
('Emmie', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe mug doesn't keep liquid as warm for as long as previous travel mugs I've had. However its easier to drink out of as others and easy to clean.\n")
('Detlef Apel', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nContigo Trinkbecher sind wohl per se gut oder sehr gut. Mir gefällt hier die Deckelform nicht, die einen hohen Rand hat. Leider sind auch die Deckel der größeren Contigo AutoSeal -Becher nicht kompatibel. Darauf hatte ich spekuliert. Schade, Deshalb ging dieser Becher wegen der Form zurück.\n')
('Ms. Samantha Winstone', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI really liked the look of this drink flask and it is leak proof, however, it gets very hot on the outside when it has a hot drink.  So I only use it for cold, very disappointing.\n')
('Gema', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfecto!!!\n')
('Sonnenschein', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchon beim Kauf kam ich mir sehr dekadent vor - fast 30€ für einen ToGo-Becher! Aber irgendwie hatte mich die Darstellung (und die Bewertungen) überzeugt. Als der Becher kam,  war ich schnell enttäuscht: Nach jedem Trinken bleibt im „Trinkloch“ eine kleine Restpfütze übrig :( Das System sieht schon relativ ausgeklügelt aus, aber die Pfütze macht den Becher ja völlig unbrauchbar. Und dann hält er nicht mal warm! Nach einer Stunde war mein Kaffee kalt. Und das bei 30€! Habe mir hier einen anderen Becher für die Hälfte des Preises besorgt und bin damit recht glücklich...\n')
('Patrick', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMotiv sieht super aus, Becher macht einen guten Eindruck.\n')
('JD', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGarde chand et froid comme annoncé. Bonne qualité. Fermeture étanche.\n')
('T Q', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat to use on the go as it doesn’t leak and keep the drink hot for a good time\n')
('Ramen3332', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis mug fits under our coffee pot, but it's kind of small. It does keep the coffee warm until I finish drinking it.\n")
('Carmen de Reyna', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSu función la cumple, pero que un producto de este precio esté descascarillado al mes de usarlo… nunca ha entrado a lavavajillas y ha sido lavado solo con jabón suave, y cada día hay menos pintura. Nunca más\n')
('lucas cala', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper utile garde bien au chaud et étanche à 100%, lavable facilement\n')
('Yordan Petrov', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe encanta\n')
('Cas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug is a perfect size and keeps my coffee hot for several hours. Love it!\n')
('natacha', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVraiment génial!Je recommande\n')
('Daniela', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nComoda tazza da viaggio. Colore e design mi piacciono molto. Come descritta, ci sta il contenuto di una tazza ed è proprio così che mi serviva. Il calore lo mantiene per qualche ora, il fresco molto di più. Pratico il pulsante per erogare e il blocco per quando la metto in borsa. Felice del mio acquisto, lo consiglio se vi serve una tazza di tè o caffè da bere mentre siete in movimento.\n')
('Cris', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMantiene la temperatura\n')
('Malik', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it. Build quality is great\n')
('Mel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSempre mi ha piaciuto il autoseal da Contigo è efficace y la misura è perfetta e práctica per portare un caffè. Sono soddisfatta\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGute Qualität, günstige Preis.\n')
('Vivi', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLe maintien au chaud n’est pas au rendez vous\n')
('Evelyn Piechaczek', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTolles Teil. Würde ich wieder kaufen.\n')
('Birgit Reynolds', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchöner Thermobecher , Kaffee bleibt lange heiss und auslaufen tut auch nichts , habe von Contigo noch einen größeren Thermobecher und bin sehr zufrieden . Habe den Thermobecher heute erst bekommen und gleich gereinigt und ausprobiert war alles gut als ich den Thermobecher abgewaschen hatte stellte ich beim Abtrocknen fest das die Farbe abgegangen ist , das finde ich nicht gut das sollte bei den Preiss nicht passieren .\n')
('José Gregorio Pereira', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMantiene la temperatura por tres horas  Lo malo es que la pintura se pela tuve que removerla toda porque se descascaba mucho. No derrama líquidos. La válvula de seguridad funciona bien. Lo uso todos los días para el trabajo. Ya tengo un año con el y todo bien. Compraría otra pero sin pintura y color natural\n')
('Vanni', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe den Kaffeebecher meinem Freund zu Erihnachten geschenkt. Perfekt für einen heißen Kaffee. Selbst nachmittags ist der Kaffee noch heiß wenn er ihn morgens in die Kanne einschenkt.\n')
('Iratxe Galdos', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nel tamaño es para una taza que es lo que quería, pero aún teniéndolo con agua hirviendo 15 minutos no mantiene bien el calor. Como mucho una hora y ya se enfría. No es como los termos de toda la vida pero hace un apaño. Si lo quieres caliente de verdad esta no es una buena opción.\n')
('Tamara Abele', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nZu 100% dicht. Sehr hochwertig und schön. Getränke bleiben lange warm. Auf jedenfall zu empfehlen\n')
('Karl', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe im Laufe der Jahre schon diverse Isolierbecher gehabt, aber die von Contigo fand ich bisher am besten, wenn auch relativ teuer. Die Einhandbedienung inkl. Verriegelung funktioniert einwandfrei, der Becher hält dicht und warm, der Auslauf ist ergonomisch und tropft nicht nach.Update nach 1 Jahr im Gebrauch: Leider haben jetzt bereits zwei Becher aus der Serie Probleme mit der Lackierung: die Farbe reibt oder stößt sich an der Oberkante ab (durchs Aufschrauben des Deckels und / oder beim Spülen) und von dort ausgehend platzt nach 1 Jahr die Farbe großflächig ab. Ist zwar ein rein kosmetischer Fehler, der die Funktion nicht beeinträchtigt, aber in dieser Preisklasse darf das nicht passieren!\n')
('Tina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch nutze nur noch diese Kaffeebecher! Zu 100% auslaufsicher!\n')
('A. Teumer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAbsolut zufriedenstellend. Passt unter die Kaffeemaschine in der Arbeit, ist leicht, ist vollkommen auslaufsicher und liegt auch schön in der Hand. Klare Kaufempfehlung.\n')
('Diana Osman', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe button broke as soon as it came out of the box\n')
('Markos', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat latch mechanism which is unlikely to fail. Only issue is that after a year or more of use it can get a bit smelly when only washing it by hand.\n')
('zimd', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis was purchased as my last Contigo broke. Fantastic so far. Keeps drinks hot for 4 hours +. Only disappointment was capacity is less than my last one and this flask cost more !!\n')
('Winifred Rose', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI use this at school and my coffee stays hot for 2 lessons. It takes me that long to drink as I'm teaching at the same time. Definitely worth buying.\n")
('sugacopter', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use this at home and have had it for about 9 months. So it gets no rough usage and has been  in the washing machine once in the top drawer. It is normally washed and rinsed in hot tap water. Its now looking as if i have been using it for years and not looking after it. I have another one of these companies products but not the same model and it looks like new.I cannot believe this has lasted less than a year.\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nMagnificent thing. Is the same size as a standard mug of coffee and you can use a normal teaspoon to stir. Simply awesome.\n')
('Collette Abery', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis does not keep the hot tea hot! It was tepid after an hour, a lot of money spent for a useless item.\n')
('Stephan K.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält lange genug warm. Es läßt sich angenehm daraus trinken. Schließt dich. Alles gut.\n')
('Alexandra', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it , good quality abs very good size\n')
('Pam Scott', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOnly thing I don't like is that, as a travel mug, it doesn't fit into the standard size cup holders in my car or the minibus I drive.\n")
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIl sert tous les jours au travail à la maison il est bien étanche et garde le café au chaud je recommande\n')
('Judith Wray', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAs soon as you fill this mug with hot liquid and put the lid on, you can feel the heat seeping out of the mug. It does not seem to be vaccuum sealed and I am very disappointed. However I have lost the opportunity to return it, unfortunately.\n')
('m4nc1n0', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTiene el tamaño ideal, es cómodo de transportar en el coche o en una mochila, pero es la cantidad perfecta para un café americano o una bebida fría. Y mantiene la temperatura por largo tiempo.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis keeps your drink hot for about 30 minutes. Had one of these previously and it was excellent. The difference in the 2 is so marked, I am wondering whether this latest one is actually a genuine contigo. Would return it if I could.\n')
('Jose', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDe lunes a viernes preparo un café a las 6:30 lo pongo en este termo y lo llevo a la oficina. Antes de las 9:30 me lo bebo frío.Del café espero que me despierte y del termo que lo mantenga caliente. Uno cumple y el otro no.\n')
('Adeliine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nC'est le deuxième que j'achète, je m'en sers pratiquement tous les jours, et je ne suis pas déçu.\n")
('barry', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad these for years,and something has changed and there not as good,can’t even find one that has the handle.\n')
('jean', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIts a lovely cup pleasant to look at but I find I'm struggling actually trying to use it its hard to hold the button in when you want to drink from the cup,I have joint problems and weakness in my hands so sadly it's been a costly bad buy for me.\n")
('douarinou delphine', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUn produit vraiment top , une fois fermé il est réellement étanche et vraiment facile à nettoyer\n')
('Brittney', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUso el vaso para transportar café y té. Y saber que se puede colocar y si está cerrado todo está bien sellado.\n')
('Peter Rossmann', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGut aber schlechter als der Vorgänger. Der große Becher hat einen flacheren Deckel so das man daraus sehr viel angenehmer trinken kann und mit den Lippen den Überschuss einfach wegsaugt. Dieser Becher ist deutlich tiefer und das ist sehr schade. Auch die Wertigkeit fühlt sich etwas anders an. Ob es schlechter ist zeigt die Zeit. Ich hatte über fast 6 Jahre 2 Becher des alten größeren Models und diesr sind das beste in dem Kaffeebechersegmend das ich je gesehen habe. Den letzten Becher nutze ich seit 4 Jahren praktisch täglich und er zeigt keine Schwächen. Schade das der kleine den geänderten Deckel hat sonst 5 Sterne\n')
('bafm', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchnelle Lieferung, der Thermobecher hält was er verspricht. Absolut dicht, nach drei Stunden ist Inhalt noch lauwarm. Bis dahin hat man es in der Regel aber auch getrunken. Korpus nicht in Spülmaschine sondern von Hand spülen.\n')
('Svetakoles', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nes bonito, comodo y no pierde; que es lo que importa, mantiene bien t\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nComo siempre los termos contigo no defraudan. Tras probar ya un termo de esta marca repito con uno de capacidad inferior. Este es perfecto para llevar pequeñas cantidades de bebida como un café con leche o un té sin que te sobre demasiado espacio. Ergonomía excelente, calidad excelente, mantenimiento de calor excelente y diseño excelente, debido a todas estas característica no se le puede pedir un precio inferior aunque no se puede considerar un termo barato. Hay que considerarlo una inversión a largo plazo ya que su durabilidad es muy larga y no necesitarás más de uno a no ser que, como yo, quieras aumentar el espacio dentro de tu bolso/mochila con uno de menor capacidad.\n')
('Laura', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe llegó enseguida. Tenía algo de miedo por los comentarios, pero el producto es perfecto. No se derrama NADA. Lo llevo en el bolso todos los días y no gotea nada. Cabe una taza de café. Yo caliento la taza en el micro dos minutos y lo paso al termo. Me aguanta la mañana perfectamente caliente. Es muy cómodo de llevar y es súper bonito. A mi me encanta❤️\n')
('Eve', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent cup, leak proof and easy to drink from. Keeps hot for about 45 mins. Well made\n')
('Rosa D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLo uso cada día para llevar el café al trabajo lo mantiene caliente unas tres horas.No derrama ninguna gota y el sistema de bloqueo es fantástico. Muy cómodo a la hora de limpiar la tapa ya que se desmonta con un clic .Lo recomiendo 100 % lo único que no se puede elegir color , pero el negro es bonito\n')
('emmanuel', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDéçu ☹️ . Ne garde pas longtemps le chaud. J’avais acheter la même marque avec la contenance plus importante et c’était parfait.\n')
('caroline C', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTrès étanche, même en le secouant. Il garde la chaleur assez longtemps, j'en suis satisfaite pour emporter mon thé.Bon achat, je recommande.\n")
('VASILEIOS TAGKOPOULOS', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI take iced coffee about 7:00 am. At 3:00 pm that I usually go home I can still hear the ice cubes inside the mug.\n')
('Dawn Sutcliffe', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it . Easy to clean easy to use with long nails\n')
('A.P.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBisher bester Thermobecher. Hält, was er verspricht. Ist absolut dicht und hält das Getränk lange warm. Sehr empfehlenswert.\n')
('miko', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nje tenais à déposer un commentaire car je suis vraiment très décue par cet article, que j\'avais pourtant soigneusement sélectionné pour ses qualités de conservation du "chaud",  ce mug isotherme est CHER , par rapport à bien d\'autres marques, surtout par rapport à son défaut, je ne sais pas comment tant d\'utilisateurs sont satisfaits. j\'ai commandé sur Amazon une bouteille itotherme il y a quelques temps dont je suis VRAIMENT SATISFAITE , les liquides sont brulants après plusieurs heures (et chauds encore le lendemain) mais celle ci était trop grande, donc j\'ai voulu acheter un petit contenant, c\'est une GRANDE DECEPTION.\n')
('Marina Rose', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReplacement for Avtex travel mug (who are now Contigo) which ive had for years and is still going strong but getting very battered as I use it on site.Same mechanism so I expect it to be just as good and I’ve had them upside down and just thrown, fill of hot coffee, on to van seats and not a drop escapes.I just need to keep this one not battered for non-work environments.\n')
('Flor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe mug is beautiful. Very elegant.I love the click technology, and it is very much leakproof. While driving it fell a couple of times from the passenger seat onto the ground, and nothing happened. I have to put it on the passenger seat or in my bag since the mug, unfortunately, doesn't fit in my car's cup holder.I am handwashing the product, so hopefully, it will go a long way as many others have complained of the color coming off when washing in the dishwasher (even though the instructions warn you about that).I use a small brush to get into the rougher parts.I bought the BPA bottle as well, and that one was amazing also.\n")
('jose a.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfecto\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBuena calidad, el calor lo aguanta más de las 4 horas que indica, totalmente hermética, no derrama el contenido. Como siempre llegó bastante antes del plazo limite. Sin embargo, hay que decir que decir que viene sin embalaje propio (sólo el de Amazon) y así es muy fácil que traiga alguna marca exterior, en mi caso traía una pequeña marca en la pintura exterior, prácticamente no se ve, pero es un detalle que debería cuidar un poco más la marca.\n')
('william fase', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOrderd this item and it arrived used. Smelled of mouldy coffee.. binned.\n')
('Denise gh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love that this is a regular size coffee mug.  I have had they larger sizes and they have been very good at keeping drinks hot, but it always annoyed me that they were too big for me.  I am enjoying using this size mug.I bought one, then 3 more later.  One as a spare - two to share.\n')
('Ana Eslava', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEste producto es súper práctico para los que trabajamos cerca de ordenadores,  no derrama y ni peligra el teclado. Para mi que teletrabajo es fantástico.\n')
('Miguel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMi primer contigo lo compré en USA en 2017.Después de muuucho uso, aún funciona a la perfección.Con lo cual para mi esta marca es la mejor.Y este tamaño me viene de maravilla.\n')
('juanma manzanares', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPractico pero en entorno frío, no aguanta una hora caliente.\n')
('Laura Sabrina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHace 5 años le compré uno a mi chico ( el tamaño de 400) y hemos comprado estos por renovar. Son calidad máxima asegurada, mantienen  bien las temperaturas, no pierden nada y son super còmodos. Al tiempo sí que se arañan y van perdiendo color en el cuerpo/ vaso pero cuidándolo ( lavar a mano) aguantan bien\n')
('Isolde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès satisfaite de ce mug isotherme. Indispensable quand on boit du café pendant qu’on travaille, impossible de renverser du café sur l’ordinateur avec ce mug ça m’a sauvée plusieurs fois !\n')
('Nahl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is really good and attractive and it does all the things it says that it does. Recommend it.\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEl termo en si cumple mal su función. Pongo café con leche hirviendo a las 7 de la mañana y a las 10h está tibio. El problema es que pierde mucho calor por la tapa de plástico. El cierre es totalmente estanco, no pierde ni gota. No lo recomiendo.\n')
('esra cenkiz', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    \n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Der Becher ist super praktisch und halt richtig lange Zeit warm. Aber der Lack blättert ab. Voll enttäuscht. 30€ lohnt sich nicht.\n')
('Martyn Bradhsaw', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBest flask cup I’ve had\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDidn’t keep my coffee very warm was like warm in less than 2 hours even with warming before useCut hand when washing due to shop lipReturned for money back\n')
('Lincoln', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente producto es el original\n')
('Alicia', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs perfecta, quería un termo pequeño y que no filtrase y todos los que eran tipo taza filtraban algo de café. Con este termo no se filtra absolutamente nada\n')
('M. D.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält, was es verspricht! Top Isolierung. Leicht zu reinigen. Leichte Händelbarkeit. Elegante Farbe. 100% zufrieden mit meinem Kauf!\n')
('Elke Stromereder', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas ist jetzt innerhalb von 10 Jahren der zweite Becher. Den ersten nutze ich immer noch täglich für frischen Tee. Der neue Becher wurde für die Erstnutzung gewaschen getrocknet und dann mit Espresso befüllt. Nach mehrmaligen Gebrauch kann ich ihn NUR für Kaffee nutzen, bei Tee verändert sich leider der Geschmack. Ansonsten wie beschrieben. Ich würde ihn für meine Zwecke wieder kaufen.\n')
('MiRe', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchade, schade - auch nach drei Wochen nimmt man immer noch einen Gruch nach Farbe wahr. Der Becher ist nicht geschmacksneutral.  Ich hoffe mal, das gibt sich noch....\n')
('Ingo S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir haben mittlerweile vier dieser Thermobecher in unserem Haushalt, die teils schon seit Jahren in Verwendung sind. Sie sind absolut auslaufsicher und halten die Wärme lange. Besonders überzeugen sie dadurch, dass Sicherung und Verriegelung mit nur einer Hand problemlos bedient werden können. Gerade die zusätzliche Sicherung verhindert insbesondere beim Transport in der Tasche oder im Rucksack ein versehentliches Öffnen des Verschlusses durch andere Gegenstände. Aufgrund jahrelanger Erfahrung mit diesen und Vergleich mit Produkten anderer Hersteller eine klare Kaufempfehlung.Zum Erhalt des guten Geschmacks der Heißgetränke empfehle ich vor jeder Verwendung das Ausspülen des Bechers und insbesondere des Verschlusses mit kochendem Wasser.\n')
('JLX', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nParfait pour un Thermos, mais il est dommage qu’on ne puisse y adapter le porte thé\n')
('johannes paasch', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug looks great and works great. my only problem is that it does not fit in hard cup holders like you find in cars. The base is to wide\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSieht nicht nur toll aus, sondern ist auch absolut auslaufsicher.\n')
('Tammy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfecto para llevar el café\n')
('M', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAltogether a really decent mug. I bought it because of the absolute seal, as the previous "empty" mugs in my bag would always leak.The only issue I have with it is that the lid really tastes like plastic, and it feels strange on the mouth. I don\'t know if that is just me. It just takes away a lot of the taste of the coffee. I\'m a little sad about this.\n')
('Barbara', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is my 3rd cup and I am never disappointed. I like the small size as it fits in my bag. Great product. So much so all of my family members have bought a contigo cup - although they've opted for the bigger models. My only negative point would be it's not that easy to clean the cover properly. I tend to put the cover in the dishwasher once a week.\n")
('David Menéndez Esteban', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVenia con un golpe en un lateral\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it\n')
('Bamunuge Sankatha Pieris', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLooks nice and leak proof but that is pretty much it (one star for it) but completely fails on its purpose. If I put a very hot coffee, it goes cold with and hour or so indoors with around 21°C room temperature. I will not recommend it to anybody.\n')
('Doris Ruiz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDrip proof.\n')
('Yovanny G.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFeliz con mi fiel vaso Contigo.\n')
('TS', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI am usually a fan of Contigo products as in the past their designs have been faultless.  However, this new lid design is highly flawed.  I have now tipped coffee all over me 4 times over the course of 6 days (even when being extremely cautious due to previous spills). The new lid design means you have to tilt the cup to such an angle it’s impossible to drink from.  To add insult to injury the coffee wasn’t even warm after only 2 hrs of being in there.Stick to the old design if you want a good coffee cup.\n')
('Mo', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist was Auslaufsicherheit und Temperaturaufrechterhaltung angeht wirklich super. Aber das was am wichtigsten ist, der Geschmack, scheitert er abgrundtief.Der Deckel roch schon STARK nach Chemie! Ich habe den Deckel ausgespült und ausgewaschen, mit heißem Wasser behandelt und sogar in heißem Wasser mit Cookie Dent ziehen lassen und ausgespült. Der Geruch ging etwas zurück, aber der Kaffee schmeckt einfach nur EKELHAFT und widerlich daraus. Auch die Spülmaschine brachte nichts.Ich rate nur jedem die Finger davon zu lassen. Sowas unglaubliches und für viel Geld für einen Thermobecher. Unverschämt.\n')
('Bones', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought because leak proof.Boiling hot drinks are tepid in about 30 minutes. Completely useless as a drinks flask. Went to return now but return window has elapsed. Very disappointed. Would not buy again. Will stick to Camelback Forge that I have used before.\n')
('Ana ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLooks amazing and keeps your coffee warm for hours...but it's no leak proof. Once you put it in your bag...you have the proof. A bit disappointing. Now all times carried on 🙌\n")
('B', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJe suis très déçu, mon café n'était plus chaudau bout de 20 mn. Où suis je tombé sur une tasse avec un défaut d'étanchéité !!!!\n")
('John ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood for keeping drinks cool, but only keeps drinks hot for just over an hour. Doesn’t leek and easy to clean.\n')
('RTL', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDoes not keep my drink warm for as long as I was led to believe. Very disappointed.\n')
('Maria  Pareja', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '')
('VKA', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEs verdad que no se sale ni una gota , lo que menos me gusto es q no duran los líquidos calientes, yo los pongo súper caliente y duran dos horas para tomarlo tibio\n')
('Ludovic', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBon produit mais livré dans une lettre à bulle, le mug est arrivé cabossé... Retour à l expéditeur\n')
('Elke Schade', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEr ist genau die richtige Größe und handlich\n')
('LN', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nParfait!\n')
('Cliente Amazon', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nesteticamente molto valido.lo uso come contenitore per il caffè mentre viaggio in auto.non perde una goccia in qualsiasi posizione viene riposto.unica pecca il manuale istruzioni,dodici lingue ma nessuna traccia dell'italiano.svizzeri distratti.pazienza tanto se ne può fare a meno.forza italia\n")
('nindie', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIch habe schon mehrere Contigo Produkte und war bisher immer zufrieden. Der Becher ist auch wirklich schön und praktisch - aber: Nachdem ich den Becher nun fünf mal verwendet habe, platzt die Beschichtung außen ab. Das ist sehr enttäuschend, vor allem auch wenn man den Preis von 30€ berücksichtigt.\n')
('Joy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExpensive but brilliant. It works really well.\n')
('Sally Bloomer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a great travel mug - doesn't leak and does keep your drink hot for quite a while - I filled it with boiling hot water and left it in the kitchen for a couple of hours to test it. When I opened it, there was still steam and was still hot rather than lukewarm. I recommend - good buy.\n")
('Faustine Deray', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nJournee typique : préparation de mon thé à 7h30 dans la précipitation. En retard pour partir au travail. Oubli du mug à la maison, bien évidemment. Retour à 13h30. Thé encore tiède !!Et lorsque je ne l'oublie pas, je le pose pèle-mèle avec sacs et autre bazar sur le siège passager de ma voiture : pas une goutte ne s'échappe ! Ce mug est assurément formidable !!\n")
('Eamonn Thomas Gardiner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDoes what it says on the tin! One point to note is that the 'Red' is actually more of a cerise pink. It works perfectly as a mug, fantastically actually, but it is a pink and not a red.\n")
('Matt', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nArrived dented at the base which was not ideal for a birthday present. On top of that it stank terribly of incense sticks. Amazon’s return process is to complicated and not worth the hassle.\n')
('Massaliote08', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLe bouton pour ouvrir le goulot à tendance à exploser quand c’est chaud. Attention aux éclaboussures. Ça surprend\n')
('Dani', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo se sale ni una gota de liquido. Una vez desbloqueado es muy facil y seguro beber de el. Bloqueado lo puedes llevar la mochila o el bolsos sin riesgo a que se salga ni una gota. A mano es un poco engorroso de limpiar por dentro, en el lavavajillas queda impecable.\n')
('Perla Vargas', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nSuper bueno, es el segundo que compro! Altamente recomendado\n')
('Eldrak', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHighly recommended this cup.\n')
('André H.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRichtig gut und hält auch lange (meine 2te die erste habe ich schon 3 Jahre) passt auch perfekt für meine melitta smart ts Kaffeemaschine\n')
('Alfredo A. Rodriguez Gomez', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo conserva el calor. Es bonito, fácil de usar pero se enfría la bebida, así que no cumple su cometido.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe paint peels. It's a shame because apart from that it does what it says on the tin,  but I don't expect a premium product to look this terrible after twice weekly use for five months.I would recommend going for one of the metallic unpainted ones. I have one of those too and it looks brand new, despite being older. Apart from this issue it's a great product.\n")
('PATRICIA', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDiseño bonito y no gotea jamás. Mantiene caliente una bebida más de 6 horas\n')
('Ana', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this as a present for my mum, and she absolutely loves it! Very secure and convenient mechanism in the lid, she takes it with her in the car and can easily drink her morning tea without having to be concerned about spilling it.\n')
('larbi BRAHAMI', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSuper produit mais la peinture s’écaille avec le temps.\n')
('Mousse', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nReçu 1 jour à l'avance, un essai d'étanchéité réussi avec succès, reste à l'essayer lundi au travail !\n")
('A. Schäfer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSternabzug wegen schlampig er Verpackung!Ich bin selber jemand, der unnötige Verpackungen schlimm findet, aber den Becher einfach ungepolstert in einen viel zu großen Versandbeutel zu stecken ist unter aller Kanone. Es ist zum Glück nichts passiert, aber es gibt hier so viele kundenfotos, wo man sieht das die farbe/Legierung auch schon beim Transport oder kurz danach ab war. Mit so ner schlampig en Verpackung ist das auch kein Wunder. Er was auch nicht nochmal in irgend einer Art Produktverpackung. Man hat ihn einfach in diesen schlabbrigen Sack gesteckt und fertig. Schlimm.Der Becher sieht wertig aus. Der Knopf zum verschließen ist etwas schwergängig aber besser als das er gar nicht schließt.Wie es mit Flüssigkeit im Inneren dann aussieht, kann ich erst nach Weihnachten sagen, da er verschenkt wird. Zumindest macht er einen guten Eindruck.\n')
('Hans Harz', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPositiv: Hält lange warm, praktisches Trinksystem, dichtNegativ: Plastikartiger Beigeschmack bei Heissgetränken, Beschichtung platzt nach 3-4 Monaten ab (siehe Foto).\n')
('Dh18', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe mug looks lovely , easy one hand click to drink . Easy to clean BUT your coffee doesn’t stay hot for very long . It states 2 hours , that’s a push, more like warm drink at that time  . For the price ,I expected the cup to insulate the drink for  longer\n')
('Tristan', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nCe mug fermé présente l’avantage d'être étanche et verrouillable. S'il est renversé sur un bureau, par exemple, c'est très appréciable. Rien ne se répandra et ça vaut aussi pour de l'eau fraiche (mon usage).\n")
('Endelean', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis holds about a normal sized mug amount of liquid.The seals do seem very good, as I haven't experienced any leaking from the drinking hole or around the lid even when shaking it around upside down.My gripe is that the button's whole mechanism is exposed to whatever drink you have inside, and is quite fiddly and difficult to clean. In fact it's almost impossible to clean every little detail. There are even exposed springs within the lid.I've tried cleaning it thoroughly but there's still a slight aftertaste from when I put coffee inside it lingering around. I think a dishwasher might be the only way to thoroughly clean it.\n")
('ms k e barker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAlthough it’s not cheap the value for money is good as it’s a very stylish product and seems to be completely leak proof so far. So well worth it in my view.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo leaks\n')
('Osmary Rangel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHermoso y de excelente calidad\n')
('JANE CURRY', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBrilliant item\n')
('ray', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPratique . Beau design\n')
('R. B.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGenau das was ich gesucht hatte. Ein Becher der auf Knopfdruck die Öffnung frei gibt, und beim Loslassen selbständig verschließt. Keine Flecken mehr in Auto und oder Tasche.Hält jetzt nicht suuperlange warm, aber ich will es ja auch irgendwann trinken und pusten geht ja nicht.\n')
('Genesis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEsta super\n')
('Cliente de Kindle', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente me llegó antes del día y en perfectas condiciones, excelente producto.\n')
('Ijlale CHERROUDA', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bon produit. Aucune goutte ne s’échappe. Facile à transporter.Mais le couvercle est difficile à nettoyer et mon café ne resté chaud que 2 à 3h. Au bout de 3h il devient très tiède et ensuite rapidement froid.\n')
('Andy', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nThese are the best flasks on the market\n')
('Andy Lewis', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGood mug, doesn’t leak, mine gets thrown about in my bag, however it doesn’t keep drinks HOT for three hours as stated, only warm & drinkable, the lid is a nightmare to clean properly, either use an old toothbrush or use steri tablets & soak\n')
('Tristan S', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent !\n')
('Mrs Elizabeth Jane McKenzie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this! Does not leak which is the main reason I wanted a new travel mug. Keeps drinks hot for hours! Worth every penny\n')
('Adam W.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat in every way\n')
('Jay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDespués de tenerlo mas de un año utilizándolo casi a diario, le he comprado uno a mi mujer\n')
('miss k patterson', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nA nice cup and no leaks however doesn't stay hot for as long as I hold.\n")
