('James R. Olson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nok\n')
('John Stecher', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps thing hot for a long time and easy to hold. Nice big handle but it does leak so not good for a travel mug. For what I need it for it’s great.\n')
('LAREDNECK', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLightweight for my very sick friend.\n')
('Book Hoarder', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI liked the cup ,it was light, kept coffee hot, did not use it for cold. If you want totally leak proof this does have a slight leak if tipped over but the spill will be minimal. For me it was too big for my morning coffee,16 oz is too much at one time. I like a smaller amount at one time. The cup is perfect if you want a large cup of coffee at one time and keep it hot. You need to use the lid to keep it hot. It has a close able sipping opening.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo einen Becher habe ich schon lange gesucht! TOP TEIL!!!\n')
('brandon lonien', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have my hot coffee in this mug in the morning, water at lunch and diet Dr Pepper in the afternoon and at dinner. I fill it with ice and water and take it places with me. I've knocked it over a couple of times and the lid is tight enough that nothing spills!\n")
('nonit3', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis cups leaks, if  I were you ,I'd save my money.\n")
('Jan H.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this cup for my coffee in the morning.  I use a coffee cup warmer and the cup helps keep it hot.\n')
('Norie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps hot beverages warm up to 3-4 hrs.  Slide lid helps to keep it warm, but only mitigates splash incidents.  Loud disassembles for easy cleaning.  I enjoy using it.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nDisappointed that the leak-proof lid leaks. I've written to the seller but no response. It does keep your drink hot or cold for a long time, but if you are in an environment where it will fall over, such as a car (doesn't fit a cup holder) or camping... don't count on the liquid staying in the mug. Maybe I got a bad lid, but maybe the seller should respond and send me a new one... crazy right?\n")
('Lynn Lowery', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug giving it 4 stars because it will only keep your hot beverage hot for about 1-2 hours. Works for me to still have warm coffee after I make it and make my toddler breakfast. No more cold coffee.\n')
('Anne', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nimmer wieder\n')
('Charles Penn', '1.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAll of the above listed is to be proven...It fits my husband's hand comfortably, and he is a very big boy...I thinking about getting one myself.....These cups are worth the price for sure!\n")
('Susan', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngood price for long heat/cold and love that product is dishwasher safe.\n')
('Sharda Jadoonaut ', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have my coffee every day in this mug. I really like the drinking spout other mugs I’ve had were too small. It keeps the coffee hot for a long period  love the color and grip of handle.\n')
('riedl bettina', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher sieht toll aus und liegt gut in der Hand. Allerdings ist er absolut nicht dicht, was sehr schade ist.\n')
('Christy Curtis', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\ni like it\n')
('Astrid Müller', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält meinen Milchkaffee, wenn ich den Becher vorher mit heißen Wasser für ein paar Sekunden anwärme, locker 2 1/2 Stunden den Milchkaffee warm.Kalte Getränke aus dem Kühlschrank werden, ohne dass der Becher vorher gekühlt wird für 3-4 Stunden Kaltgehalten.\n')
('Kay Porterfield', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it\n')
('Karen Charters', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI purchased this because I was getting annoyed with how quickly coffee seems to go lukewarm. This mug has solved the problem and keeps coffee hot for literally hours on end. On a side note if you plan on using this as a thermos it won't fit in standard size car cup holders - but as a simple coffee cup used around the home or office this mug does work perfectly. One down side however is that the lid seal is not one hundred percent water tight and it will leak (very slightly) if dropped.\n")
('Haley', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI have been using this mug for a few weeks now, and I do like it.  It is a little heavy to hold, but the design of it makes it unlikely to tip over.  I don't love the sliding lid, maybe my mouth is too big (!), but I just removed that part and have the vented lid which is easier to drink from. I like the lid better than the ones on the Yeti.  The mug seems to keep my tea warm for a long time even without the slider.  I use this mainly at home because it just won't fit in my car's cup holders.Overall, I think it was a good buy.  I would definitely replace it if something happened to it.\n")
('Pamela B', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe cup is extremely awkward to hold.  All the weight of the liquid is in the front of the cup, away from the thin handle.  Poorly designed.  Had to purchase a different cup after two uses.\n')
('randy1484', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a beautiful mug!  The top is very easy to drink out of and prevents spills.  It is very well made and easy to hold due to the large handle.  But it just doesn\'t keep my coffee hot for any longer than my usual ceramic mug which doesn\'t have a cover on it.  I was very sorry to have to return this mug.  I was hoping this would be "the one"!\n')
('Kinderbuchkiste', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\n...und die Tasse für meine Lady wurde in "Zitrone" geliefert, also gelb.... denn nichts passt besser zu meiner schwarzen 🖤💛\n')
('M. S. Köln', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher macht einen guten Eindruck. Jedoch, nachdem ich auf der Suche nach einem 500 ml Becher war, hab ich mich dann für diesen entschieden obwohl er laut Beschreibung nur 480 ml Fassungsvermögen hat. Jetzt ist er angekommen und auf dem Becherboden steht 460 ml. Sehr schade das man hier bei Amazon immer wieder fehlerhafte Beschreibungen findet. Ich behalte ihn aber trotzdem da er einen wertigen Eindruck macht.\n')
('Tanya J.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProduct is not spill proof as advertised.\n')
('Shirley Whitesitt', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery pleased.\n')
('betsy', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is the only large (16oz) insulated mug that I can find.  It keeps my coffee burning hot for over two hours and hot warm even after four hours.  It is easy to clean and the exterior powder coating is cool to the touch and affords a firm grip.  The lid silicon seal performs perfectly but the sliding lid-cover will leak if the mug is lean over or tip over.  The lid opening is large enough to allow a silicon strew feed through.  Another potential problem is that there is a very small "gap" where the handle joints the mug.  Water may trap there and corrode the joint. This is an excellent mug to build into a set for a "afternoon coffee or tea get together".\n')
('Nadin', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is not spill proof like it says leak all over my car\n')
('D', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've had this mug for a few months now and I use it every day. As other reviewers have mentioned, if you want a mug you can throw in your backpack and carry around with coffee in it, it's not gonna work for you because if tipped over it does leak. BUT, for normal carrying to the car and riding in the car it won't leak. Not being able to throw it in the glove compartment when it's full is replaced by its ease of use. Also it keeps your coffee hot for a really, really long time. It's rare for me to write reviews but this mug is worth it.\n")
('John', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis was a last minute gift from my wife and I use it every day as I work from home. Fits well in my hand.\n')
('Agee A Reed Sr', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt’s a superior product, but not for me.\n')
('Lexo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nmost vessels don't inspire a review.. well i just did one on a cup i hated lol. but this one i'd say is my favorite after spending over 100$ trying out random cups on amazon... i like the shape better than the swig. the swig i think is better in a few areas.. but it's nearly 200% the cost... and for coffee 18oz seemed more than necessary(the triple wall is dope though).. but this cup.. this cup here for coffee... man its just perfect. the lid.. the way it grabs.. very good at keeping the heat as well because the lid actually seals it.. and i used to make ceramic cups as a hobby.. i love cups for no specific reason.. well maybe something to do with reading the chronicles of prydain as a kid... every king needs to know the intricacies of cup making.\n")
('Paula', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug kept my coffee hot all morning! It will not fit in a standard sized car cup holder though.\n')
('Jenny Zewe', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAuch nach einer Stunden war mein Tee noch warm. Liegt gut in der Hand. Ist Geschmacksneutral und lässt sich gut reinigen. Optisch sieht er auch gut aus. Sehr zu empfehlen.\n')
('Deborah Kurz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps the drink hot for a long time\n')
('D Boy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI really thought I found THE one... sleek design, lightweight, but does NOT hold hot coffee temperature more than an hour at most.\n')
('Deb Lynn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBig 16 oz insulated mug. Handle is a good size and works for most people. The mug might not fit in a small cup holder of your car. Test liquid as the mug does not get hot but the liquid might be. Great purchase that I will buy again.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLid leaks certainly not a travel mug\n')
('SONNENBLUME', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve had to cut my intake of caffeine and this cup holds the perfect amount for my coffee and creamer!  Love its size and constant, nice temperature for savoring and enjoying morning coffee time.  It is most easy to thoroughly clean, too.\n')
('Mary Hanna', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nPoor lid design causes leaks but also hard to drink when it's nearly full.  Air locks till it's emptied a bit so you get no coffee then a big mouth full.  Once it's only about 3/4 full then you can drink normally.  Very poor lid design.  I hate this thing.\n")
('Patricia', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is perfect after attempting and senting back 2 other kinds. Thanks.\n')
('Michael Johnson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug is not leak proof. If it tips over you have about a second before it becomes a mess. I have an older Keurig coffee maker and this fits under it. It keeps my hot beverages hot for hours! I use it for my home office, it’s perfect for that. Wide enough for me to use a proper sponge to clean it. The lid is easy to clean (it comes apart) and a metal straw fits in the lids sip hole (great to avoid staining your teeth). I love it\n')
('AxilleasZ', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nNatürlich wunderbar meine Frau hat den Becher mit auf die REA mitgenommen, man kann sie überall gut gebrauchen, das soll jeder selbst entscheiden wo er den Braucht...\n')
('EML', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI like that it doesn't leak and doesn't look like a regular tubular thermos. It keeps things hot or cold.  I have no problems with it.\n")
('Mary Lou Lease', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcellent pour personne âgée.\n')
('Rebecca Perry', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHate the lid!!\n')
('Noa', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy camping coffee mug!\n')
('Ward D. Anderson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe mug is really nice and sturdy. The quality is very high. Their customer service was excellent.\n')
('Debra L. Sturdevant', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI bought this mug after I read all reviews sayingIt keeps the coffee hot for hours!!!!!!!🤔🤔🤔🤔That is not true  my coffee was cold after less than one hour!It's  cute but that wasn't the reason I got it!\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSINCE IT WAS A GIFT THAT SHE LOVED IT IS ALL I KNOW\n')
('WILLIAM LAKAS', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe spill proof lid is about worthless it spills out with the lid closed!\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider undicht\n')
('alasdair1532', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer verschiebbare Deckel lässt sich nicht dicht verschließen. Er hält allerdings gut Flüssigkeit warm.\n')
('nwagh1947', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is the best thermal coffee mug I have been able to find. Warning: It keeps coffee scaldingly hot for about an hour, so you need to be careful. Seriously - as I type this review I earlier this a.m. managed to burn my mouth - not badly, just your typical HOT coffee owie. Excellent cup - this year's default Xmas present!\n")
('Chas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCoffee does not taste a good as it does in a ceramic cup\n')
('Kat Mac', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSince this cup arrived, I have been able to drink my coffee hot for 2.5 hours.  Last sip was still hot!  These would make great gifts -- not too expensive and does what is promised.\n')
('Adam', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nmy mourning cofee  nice product\n')
('C. Gris', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDOES NOT KEEP DRINKS HOT AS LONG AS YOU ADVERTISED. VERYDISAPPOINTED SENIOR.\n')
('Melvin E. Johnson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice shape, naturally resists tips and spills.  The thermos properties keep hot drinks hot and cold ones cold far better than a standard mug.  Not really designed for fitting into the center thing in the car, perfect for office or campsite use.\n')
('valleyfair', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI really love it.  It keeps my coffee hot for hours.  It has a nice shape which also ensures that it will not be accidently tipped over.  The lid is very easy to move, and I have no trouble separating the two parts of the lid to wash it; they snap right back together.  Its a keeper.  :)\n')
('Robert Welzbacher', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI haven't measured how long but it sufficiently holds temperature for me not to hary up 😁I start with open head and in five minutes it's in optimal temperature to close and start drinking 😁And I like it's size 👍\n")
('S. Weatherby', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this mug!! I have several and have sent them to family and friends that love a hot cup of coffee!\n')
('Charlene Wick', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nyou have to take the lid apart to clean it and re assemble. It is difficult to separate them and I have unfortunately snapped it in incorrectly .\n')
('tim', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt was a gift, but she said she really likes it.\n')
('Survivor1318', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo dislikes at all. Well made!!\n')
('Nancy Vitti', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love the design and the fact that it keeps my tea hot for hours and my soda cold for several hours.  The 1 drawback is that this cup DOES NOT HOLD 16 ounces.  it only holds 13 to14 ounces.  It might hold 15 ounces if you do not put the lid on which would defeat the purpose of having a lid and wanting to use the lid\n')
('Magallys currier', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it.  Easy to clean. Holds hot or cold well.\n')
('Caruso Domingez', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this cup - holds just enough coffee and coffee seems to taste better than my other cups.  Love the yellow color - so happy!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is the perfect thing for my friend who uses a cane. She can carry it with no spills and it keeps the coffee nice and hot. Attractive cup, lightweight, it’s exactly what we needed.\n')
('Lisa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJust doesn’t seal.\n')
('Herzogin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nweil Sie mir von der Optik und der Produktbeschreibung vom Hersteller zugesagt haben. Leider ! sind die Tassen weder Dicht noch halten Sie warm.. absoluter Fehlkauf, nicht zu empfehlen\n')
('Winni', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas war ein Geschenk und es kam gut an\n')
('Leslie P.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nVery sturdy, comfortable to hold, just what I was looking for.\n')
('FFR', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI already had this mug in black, but wanted a second one so I'm not constantly washing the first one out when I want to make coffee or hot tea. This mug keeps the coffee about the right temperature for half an hour or so without the lid and longer with it.I love the size and shape of this mug and it washes very well. I usually wash mine in the dishwasher and so far, so good. It came in a lot lighter than I expected, I thought it would be a darker blue like the picture, but I will probably keep it anyhow.\n")
('Marty Grossman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLike the lid design if it didnt leak while you try to drink jtUpdate....once you get used to it...its fantastic.\n')
('friesenjung.timo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIn der Hoffnung das dieser hochpreisige Thermobecher hält was die Artikelbeschreibung verspricht, nämlich Auslaufsicher und langes Warmhalten wurden wir wieder einmal mehr Enttäuscht. Einer der Thermobecher hält nicht mal den Deckelrand dicht, beim trinken läuft der Kaffee nicht nur an der Trinköffnung sondern auch rechts und links daneben zwischen Becherwandung und Deckel heraus und heiß bleibt der Kaffee auch besonders lange, die in der Artikelbeschreibung großmundig angepriesene Doppelwandigkeit aus Edelstahl ist ein Luftschloss denn dafür ist die Becherwandung viel zu dünn nur imunteren Viertel könnte eine Doppelwandigkeit bzw. eine Isolierung vorhanden sein. Auch die Inhalts Angabe von 473ml des Verkäufers stimmt nicht auf der Becher Unterseite steht groß aufgedruckt 460 mlKeine Kaufempfehlung da gibt es bei den Discountern viel günstigere Becher die genauso schlecht sind.\n')
('Joni', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe actual mug is fantastic. The lid, not so much. The sliding feature was nice though not very tight. Having to squeeze the two tabs and take the lid apart was a pain but that’s the only way it could be cleaned and dried properly. I use past tense because I dropped the lid, which snapped of one of the tabs, making the lid nearly useless. If they could re-engineer that lid it’d be a 5-star product.\n')
('Viviane C.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought 3 of these cups . One cup leaks very badly down the front of your clothes.  Also, the leaky cup does not retain heat like the other two. One cup of the three ordered is completely worthless. The other two cups I would rate with 3 stars.\n')
('Marieke Stubbe', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDer Becher hält, was er verspricht und liegt gut in der Hand. Wird viel benutzt.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWir nutzen entsprechenden Becher für die Werkstatt. Die Temperatur hält sich gefühlt deutlich im Vergleich zu unseren Kaffeetassen.Positiv hervorzuheben ist die Füllmenge.Der Deckel hält was er verspricht aber für „grobe“ Spaziergänge ist dieser nicht geeignet, mal abgesehen davon dass der Becher auch nicht dafür gemacht ist.Ansonsten…Schönes Design, Große Füllmenge, wertig und nach dem 5 Spüllmaschinengang noch ohne große Abnutzungen.\n')
('ostthr', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGut isolierende Tasse, aus der sich gut trinken lässt. Aber eben nur eine Tasse: Sollte man gefüllt nicht auf den Kopf stellen... 😉\n')
('SJ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug definitely maintains temperature. I mainly use at work for drinking tea. It keeps my tea nice and hot for a long time. It’s super easy to clean and I love how the lid slides to open. I have not experienced any leaking.\n')
('Eric', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFirstly, they never said that this would not leak. It would leak because of the part that you sip from when the cover is on is not completely sealed when closed. The purpose for this is for home and office use. You may make a cup of coffee/tea and then something comes up and you have to step away from your normal teacup/mug for a while and when you return, it dead cold. I had made my coffee over two hours now and because I keep closing the lid, my coffee is still hot. If you're looking for a travel mug, I recommend the Swell Traveler....it comes in three sizes, the small one is just enough one time serving. I bought it straight from the swell website since I had read that they are fake ones out there.\n")
('Claudia Jeanne', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wanted a mug to keep my French press brewed coffee hot. This mug is perfect, and the 16 oz size is exactly right.\n')
('Franziska Moscherosch', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSehrgute verarbeitet und das Getränk hält sehr lange warm. Schade nur das man mir sie falsche Farbe geschickt hatt weiß statt blau. Aber dafür ziehe ich nix ab.\n')
('Spearka', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is my new coffee mug, my old one was to tall for my travel keurig maker.\n')
('Andrew Willis', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought it for my husband. He loves it and it keeps his coffee warm.\n')
('JJ Wilson', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWas looking for awhile foe the right mug. This one is great.\n')
('MadCow', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps my coffee very hot\n')
('Kindle Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHad to brake while driving... coffee seeped over leather console..awkward fit for hand..too large for generous adaptable cup holder...other then that if your looking for an end table coffee cup..this is a good one.  NOT leak proof\n')
('JKom', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI was trying to replace an insulated cup I had used for many years and tried this one.  I drink a lot of hot tea, and this cup did not retain heat for nearly as long as my original cup, so it cools off before I can manage to finish it.  The handle could be more comfortable to hold as well.\n')
('CA Guy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n"warmth", "giftable" and "easy to hold" .. also very classy looking. One thing I don\'t like, is when there is hot coffee inside, the lid slides too easily open/shut and I\'m not sure that won\'t cut down on the time the coffee stays hot.  But believe you me, this cup WILL keep your coffee piping hot for a good while, even without the lid! I like my coffee hot, but this is too hot for me!And And somehow, this cup does NOT get hot to the touch. ??!And of course because it\'s metal, that keeps it out of the microwave, no reheating.Good looking mug, cleans up easily and completely. No metal taste in your drink, easy and comfortable to hold.  Highly recommend !I have one in the cobalt blue too .. REALLY nice looking mug.\n')
('PAgyrl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUnfortunately the mug is not leak proof :/\n')
('SCrandall', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI'm a slow coffee drinker and this has definitely made my morning brew more enjoyable. Coffee stays hot and I can sip slowly. I like that it looks like a mug and not a travel thermos as I use this for my current WFH job.\n")
('Judy Temple', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nComfortable and keeps fluid hot or cold for over an hour or two\n')
('Rick', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally keeps beverages hot!  Best handle of any insulated mug.\n')
('justthething', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat cup for my coffee.\n')
('Limekiln', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nAnsich super, nur nicht auslaufsicher. Wenn man die Tasse leicht neigt bzw dreht dann leckt sie halt schon\n')
('Sean P', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLiterally keeps coffee piping hot for hours. Pour in the coffee, close the lid and a few hours later it's still scorching hot.\n")
('Erik Legge', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like it.\n')
('Daniela S.', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nin der Beschreibung steht das der Deckel nur zum abdecken ist und nicht Dicht hält.eine formschöne Tasse wo gut warm hält.\n')
('Randa McClarty', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSo initially I thought this cup was leakproof but alas it wasn’t and it leaked all over my car cup holder. Also doesn’t fit in my cup holder and thus was titled sideways and then leaked. Made sure the lid was secure but still leaked. The cup handle is too  small and I am a small person with small hands. It just meh \U0001fae4\n')
('LongBeachRosie', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe perfect mug to keep the beverage hot for a long time. No leaking from cap or mouth piece, nice design, comfortable handle. He loves it!\n')
('Barb', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis cup fits perfectly in my husband's car.  He loves it.\n")
('JLC Vizsla', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNo sella bien, no es seguro y menos en un carro\n')
('Steveabe', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to clean, leak proof, metal so I can use my mug warmer at my desk, too. Love the cognac color! So pretty!\n')
('bruce wistrick', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngreat cup for a kid, not an adult. handle is too small.\n')
('Venessa Missey', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKept coffee hot but inside of cup peeled\n')
('Sabine', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEine tolle Tasse für zu Hause, Vorsicht der Kaffee-Tee bleibt für eine weile sehr heiss.Fürs Auto ungeeignet. Genau so habe ich mir das vorgestellt, gerne wieder.\n')
('M or J ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCup is nice, but the lid jammed when I was trying to place it back together once I cleaned it. Couldnt get it back to the way it needed to be and hurt my fingers in the process.Overall, its an ok mug, but the flawed lid needs to be fixed.\n')
('harald wirnsberger', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nTut was er soll, hält länger warm, auch ohne Deckel. Würde ihn wieder kaufen.\n')
('William LeHuquet', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt looks really nice and it has an unbelievable amount of good reviews so I bought it. Ouch, big mistake! I have never had a coffee mug that I hate so badly. The lid with the slider is a challenge every time I drink hot coffee. Is it going to be an airlock so there is nothing and nothing and suddenly everything at once. A flood of hot coffee on my lips. I have tried different ways to be able to drink safely with this lid without success. Now I have removed the slider so at least there is no air bubble that holds the hot liquid back. The mug looks really nice, and that together with all the good reviews fooled me. As soon as I have found another mug this one is going in the trash and I will not miss it.\n')
('Pia Friman', '4,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDeckel geht nicht komplekt auf nur zu Hälfte auf das gelbe Tasse.\n')
('Terry Davis', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have this mug now for 2 days. It is a good size, 16 oz. I like the lid, it seems like the liquid inside is "tastier" because of the lid, as more liquid comes out. It keeps coffee/tea very hot for a good amount of time. Easy to clean. I have 2 of them now. I highly recommend this mug. Arrived fast, with very nice packaging in a box (easy to gift wrap!) I am going to buy a few for christmas gifting.\n')
('Kennyb', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPros:  Well made, keeps coffee warm, relatively easy to clean (although the inside does stain (? can one use stainless steel cleaner to remove them)?Cons:  (1) The opening is much too wide when attempting to "sip" hot coffee.  liquid touches the corner of the mouth (and I have a relatively large mouth.  One cannot take a small sip to test the temperature of the contained liquid.  This is a major issue for me & ive gone back back to my old cups.(2) Base is too large to fit in car cup receptacles.  The large opening also makes it difficult to prevent spillage when using while driving.  One cannot totally encompass the entire opening to prevent spillage\n')
('joe ', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis mug is exactly what I wanted. Keeps my coffee hot for hours.  The design of the mug is not bulky. Very lightweight.  Easy to clean. Perfect if you love keeping your coffee hot!\n')
('Carion Haynes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI wanted to love it. It was really cute. I have an obsession with mugs and cups. But I wanted one that would keep my coffee really hot and this one just wasn’t it. There are better insulated coffee mugs. I was disappointed with the function, but it was cute.\n')
('Ricky E. Fortner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis cup is easy to use, clean and keeps the coffee hot.  I bought two of these and my wife loves the no-spill option with the lid for her husband (me).  I just like that I can go do something and come back to a hot cup of coffee.  My only complaint is that you cannot order a white and black cup at the same time.  I had to do to separate orders and delivery dates because I want them in different colors.  Very good product.\n')
('Sara P', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice cup.\n')
('wilms', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nBought this mug for it's shape. Tall cups always tips over. Only problem I have with this mug is the cover doesn't seal very good. Other than that, I like it.\n")
('Shirley Johnson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps beverage hot. Conserve le breuvage chaud.\n')
('Phillip Pratt', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe first cup I bought worked really well. So I bought a second one. This cup keeps your coffee hot for a couple of hours.\n')
('Jeanne Parmley', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI regret buying this mug. On the first time I use it I make sure I lock it still I had a big spill in my bag omg. I rate it ‘O’. I don’t recommend this mug. 😕 I really disappointed with this product. I have to return it.\n')
('Abdullah Oboudi', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps my coffee warm and looks great!\n')
('Customer 1960', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe sliding lid is a "fan favorite"?  Which fans are those?If you dare be a human being and absent-mindedly reassemble the lid the wrong direction, it\'s impossible to remove.  This is not an acceptable design.  You cannot expect people to not make mistakes, and if they do, punish them with an unusable cup forever.I\'m about to smash the whole thing with a hammer.\n')
('Cecil', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is actually a really great mug. The design is unique (as seen in the pictures) but it's very functional. It is solid and keeps hot drinks hot for a long time and cold drinks cold. It doesn't impart any taste on the drinks that I can tell. Highly recommended.\n")
('Monica Manley', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps coffee hot, and nice shape, to hold.\n')
('Leesa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI opened this up today and am very pleased with this mug. It is very solid and ergonomic, and keeps my coffee nicely warm even with the lid removed. This is not a travel mug in my opinion due to it's shape. This will probably be the last coffee mug that I ever purchase unless I somehow lose it, as it cannot be broken from being dropped. Highly recommended.\n")
('gerald l sundberg', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is now my favorite mug. I love how the water stays cold, and it holds 16 oz of fluid. Fantastic!!!!!!\n')
('Jeanie', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove these mugs!!!  Perfect size and keeps our drinks hot!!!  Most likely will purchase a few more!!!\n')
('Daniel', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy tea\n')
('steve', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic\n')
('Susan Warren', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI must use a walker to get from room to room.  Have you ever tried carrying a hot cup of coffee using a walker?  This cup has made my morning coffee so safe and pleasant.  I recommend it to anyone.  Another nice feature is if you have to walk away from your coffee just put the top back on it and it will keep your coffee or any hot beverage hot!  I highly recommend this.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWie es sein muss\n')
('Alexandra Schweikhard', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchönes Design, liegt super in der Hand. Aber leider nicht dicht.\n')
('Patricia Gray', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt doesn't fit cup holders so it's difficult to use in the car.  Didn't keep the coffee any warmer than a ceramic mug.  Otherwise it looks impressive.\n")
('Amazon Kunde', '3,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nDas Design der Becher gefällt mir sehr gut. Die bauchige Form, die an ein Weinglas erinnert, hebt sich deutlich von den anderen Formen, die auf dem Markt sind ab.Die Verarbeitung ist sehr wertig. Der Deckel passt gut auf den Becher und fällt auch beim Umdrehen nicht ab, auch wenn der Becher gefüllt ist. Ganz dicht ist er dabei nicht, was aber auch nicht spezifiziert wurde. Der Deckel lässt sich gut auseinander nehmen und im Geschirrspüler reinigen.Der Becher selbst sollte nicht in den Geschirrspüler. Er kann mit aber auch so einfach gereinigt werden.Die Farben sind intensiv und entsprechen der Darstellung.Die Becher sind oben sehr schmal und es lässt sich dadurch sehr gut daraus trinken. Den Deckel kann man beim Trinken auch auf dem Becher lassen und durch verschieben einer Abdeckung ergibt sich eine Trinköffnung, aus der man auch sehr gut trinken kann.Zum Schluss noch das Wichtigste. Die Temperatur sinkt bei Zimmertemperatur und geschlossenem Deckel um 10°pro Stunde, was sehr anständig ist. Hier habe ich aber keine Vergleichswerte.Von außen ist am Becher so gut wie keine Erwärmung festzustellen, was auch auf eine sehr gute Isolation hindeutet. Von mir für Optik und Gebrauchseigenschaften eine klare Kaufempfehlung.\n')
('Norbert Jäger', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Sieht schön und hochwertig aus, ist aber leider ein absoluter Fehlkauf und geht zurück. Wie im Video zu sehen ist, kann von auslaufsicher keine Rede sein, selbst wenn der Becher nur halb voll ist. Es tropft wie verrückt raus. Für Transport völlig ungeeignet und auch wenn er umkippt, würde er auslaufen. Der Schiebemechanismus vom Deckel ist auch viel zu leichtgängig. In einer Tasche würde der sich von alleine aufschieben, wenn etwas dagegen kommt. Sehr schade. Hat mir optisch sehr gefallen, aber Funktionalität ist komplett durchgefallen. Thermodauer hab ich nicht getestet, weil das jetzt auch egal war\n')
('Anna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLeider nach einmaliger Benutzung schon verfärbt. Habe schwarzen Tee daraus getrunken. Nun sind Flecken vorhanden die mit Spülmittel und Topfschwamm nicht raus gehen. Die Flecken bleiben. Made in China! Keine Empfehlung.\n')
('UncleBob', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis right here is a man-sized mug for man-sized drinking situations. The wine glass shape not only makes it look unique, it's very comfortable to hold and makes you feel like a big man. The included lid is indeed spill-proof when closed and surprisingly leak-resistant when held upside down. The sheer 16oz size of this mug is so big that even while drinking a small coffee out of it you'll feel like a big man. The outer wall remains at comfortable temps while holding your favorite hot or cold beverage so that you can focus on your big man activities instead of worrying about your poor man hands. Unfortunately this mug is not suited for travel because it's so damn big, but it's also very easy to clean for the same reasons. If you're in the office or at home and need a confidence booster that also acts as a beverage container, this is the mug to get.\n")
('Juergen S.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMal sehen, sieht toll, aus wird ein Weihnachtsgeschenk sehr gut Verpackt\n')
('brian taylor', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWarmth\n')
("Mom's and kids'", '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy coffee got cold too fast, this really helps. Easy to carry around.\n')
('Sabine Hahn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNicht empfehlenswert für alle die kalten Kaffee trinken. Der Kaffee ist nach gut einer halben Stunde noch so heiß, dass man sich die Zunge verrühren kann. Wir Brühen unseren Kaffee mit 80 Grad heißem Wasser auf und der hält so lange warm/heiß, da sind in der Zwischenzeit die Brötchen vom Bäcker geholt und verputzt.Wir sind begeistert. Auslaufsicher sind sie definitiv nicht, aber das war für uns auch gar nicht wichtig, da die Tassen eh nur auf einem Tisch stehen.\n')
('Amazon Kunde', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEin schöner ToGoBecher, leider leider undicht.\n')
('Lloyd F', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI had the problem of coffee dribbling at the corner of mouth while trying to drink\n')
('Ashley Williams', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt keeps the coffee hot much longer than my ceramic mug coffee mug and i don't have to worry about it breaking\n")
('Antonia ', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI didn’t like it. Returned for a full refund.\n')
('Lisa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter reading a few reviews I was hesitant, (spill proof). Was extremely happy after first use, no spills, easy & comfortable to hold and kept my coffee hot for a few hours even with the lid open. Great work from home addition.\n')
('Noir', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nJahrelang habe ich mich über ständig kalten Kaffee an der Arbeit geärgert. Das ist dank dieser Thermotasse endlich vorbei.  Hier drin ist der Kaffee auch nach mindestens 3 Stunden noch mehr als warm. Wenn man ihn heiß einfüllt und direkt trinken will,  muss man aufpassen, daß man sich nicht die Lippen verbrennt (ist mir beim ersten Benutzen passiert). Ich bin hellauf begeistert von dieser Tasse und würde sie immer wieder kaufen bzw. weiterempfehlen.\n')
('Suse & Martin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher hält was er verspricht. Nur, wurde er leider in der falschen Farbe geliefert.\n')
('F. S.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAfter 5 months of regular use and washing in the dishwasher, it survives well.\n')
('Calgary Girl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFacille a nettoyer . Fini extérieur doux et durable . Très  légère.  Avec beau choix de couleur. Garde chaud le café. J'ai fait un bon choix je l'aime beaucoup. A vous de l'essayer. Merci !  Aux personnes qui l'on mis sur le marché.\n")
('David C.. Franks ', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nToo light and tippy; noisy and needs a nonslip base. I returned it.\n')
('Dina', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nLohnt sich auf jeden Fall!!! Kaffe bleibt lange warm!!!\n')
('Ms Thomas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love the mug but the lid doesn't fit snuggly. If it's supposed to be leak proof it's not. I still plan on keeping it\n")
('Patti Schumann', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerforms as advertised.\n')
('Arber', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI purchased 3 of these mugs based on good reviews. Cleaned them per instructions and we begun using them thereafter. After 1st use and cleaning, the color coating on one of them begun peeling off. It has only gotten worse since. The other two do not have any defect. Reached out to customer service but no response.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this cup! really keeps my coffee hot! and the lid fits well.\n')
('PJSinop', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI only need two things from a travel cup, and this fails at both. The lid is loose and leaks and the mug doesn't keep my coffee hot at all, it cools almost immediately. I would keep looking.\n")
('MK Sadler', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nexpected it to be high quality heavy duty turned out to be cheap chinese, the lid isnt secure so if it falls coffee would leak, so whats the point of the lid ?\n')
('Firecat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPerfect Mug!I am in a wheelchair with broken leg and hand. On my first day back home from hospital I started looking for a Perfect Mug. In my condition I needed a mug with leak proof lid, light, easy to clean and light. After browsing for an hour I choose GrandTies mug. Came on time brand new. I think this mug will be my favorite one. It meets all my expectations. I am highly recommending this mug.\n')
('Wolfgang D.', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchöner Thermobecher. Hält lange warm, bleibt dabei außen kalt. Nicht dicht oder auslaufsicher aber das war mir schon vorher klar. Daher kein Problem.\n')
('Ba-Al, Luziferius', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ndie Größe es Bechers ist sehr gut, auch wenn man kochend heißes Wasser einfüllt, die Aussenseite des Bechers bleibt kalt!! , der Tee bleibt über 2 std heiß!!! Leider läßt sich der Deckel nur leicht andrücken, denke wenn man den Becher schräg haltet, dann würde sich der Inhalt sofort entleeren. Werde mir aber definitiv noch einen (oder 2) holen, die Farbe (rot) ist superschön!\n')
('Alexander Birman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt keeps temp well and feels good in hand.\n')
('judamom59', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis mug holds 2 cups of liquid. My favorite feature is that it keeps hot liquids hot, but the heat doesn't transfer through to burn my hands. Inside hot, outside not. I use this all the time.\n")
('F.Gant3', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nworks fine\n')
('U.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use a electric perc. to make my coffee every morning I have a old pot that makes great Coffe but it doesn’t stay hot very long I only drink two cups so this cup works great to sip on that second cup I like that it has a handle\n')
('Jocker 😎', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHabe es meinem Vater als Geschenk gekauft. Er arbeitet viel draußen und brauchte einen Becher, den man zu machen und gut halten kann. Dies hat der Becher optimal erfüllt und hält nach seiner Aussage auch den Kaffee super warm\n')
('Norman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDid not disappoint. Takes me a little while to drink my first coffee as I start working and this mug has kept it warmer longer! Thank goodness.\n')
('Johannes Weber', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMein Kaffee, Kakao oder Tee, kann ich lange heiß genießen\n')
('Chas-M15', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove This Product.  I have bought several mugs in the past and none kept my coffee hot enough long enough.  This one is awesome.  I can drink my coffee over a couple hours or more and it is still hot at the last drink.  Love love love.\n')
('Sean', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNow my new favorite coffee mug\n')
('KATHY WALKER', '3.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI was looking for an insulated mug that I didn't have to worry about the coffee leaking between the liner and the outside case.  This has happened to others and it is so unsanitary. These mugs are perfect.  They hold a large cup of coffee, keeps it warm long enough for us, easy to hold onto and the lid is easy to drink from.  Everything we wanted.\n")
('A.L.', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDer Becher ist super, aber der Deckel ist für mich unangenehm bei trinken.\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have been searching for a mug that actually keeps your coffee hot. This doesn’t do any better than my double glass coffee mug. Maybe it does a better job of keeping things cold but that isn’t what I was looking for.\n')
('Cozumel Reader', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI liked the cup but the heat starts leaving after about 90 minutes..so with it kept it hot longer\n')
('SK', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCoffee cup, just what I wanted.\n')
('Sharon kochan', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI just received this item and used it today for the first time.  It was perfectly packaged and it's design was exactly as described.  I love the shape and texture of the mug.My major takeaway is that the lid is not as secure as I had hoped.  It leaked and I had not filled it to the brim.  Also, the sliding top felt too lose with not enough effort to slide open and closed to contain the liquid.  There simply isn't enough suction on the lid to keep it secure.\n")
('eddie DE Oysta', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPurchased for my husband.  It keeps his coffee piping hot.  I like the look and shape of the mug too.\n')
('Loy wise', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nRetains warmth for a long time.\n')
('Gail G.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice shape good sizeNot suitable for car cup holdersWorst thing is the ability to leak proof, absolutely none existing.Nice to drink at home\n')
('lorie', '5,0 von 5 Sternen', '\nNice mug for tea.\n')
('DiscountArtGallery', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDe antigoteo no tiene nada. Hoy lo utilicé y se derrama todo el café, lo bueno es que  lo mantiene caliente.\n')
('melinda parker', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe shape should tell you this isn't a travel mug, but just in case......! Spouse bought this for home office use, as our new cat is intensely curious about everything, including what's inside any cup or glass. No, he's not allowed on tables or counters, but this is a Mau, and like Siamese they're as stubborn as they are beautiful. Tables + counters = food, simple as that, in their minds!So in self-defense, Spouse found this on Amazon. Works very well, and cleans easily. He likes the large capacity and big handle, too.\n")
('sean gingrich', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove this product. Lid is secure and easy to drink from. Keeps coffee hot for several hours.\n')
('Cooper', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot leak proof - poor lid seal - needs tighter fit.  Otherwise, pretty good.\n')
('Toronto Guy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFirst of all, important to understand that the mug is unintentionally (!) leak proof. It does leak is you hold it intentionally upside down. Otherwise it does the job.It has a metal feeling, so it's pleasant to hold for one who loves the metal and a bit rough surface. Holds heat for at least 2 hours - I didn't tried more.Easy to clean, no self odor.I love it!\n")
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI use ir every morning while I am on the computer. It keep my coffee hot and is very easy to clean. I ordered a second one for my friend and she really loves it. I highly recommend this product.\n')
('Richard Brenis', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLOVE THE COFFEE MUG ITSELF BUT THE LID IS POOR DESIGN FOR SIPPING COFFEE.\n')
('michael  d  lund', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTried this and it leaked from the very start ….. useless\n')
('SHEINA RUNIONS', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot leak proof will get your shirt wet with the lid on\n')
('Janet gischner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’m always hesitant to leave a negative product review and keep in mind that my review is based on one of  the reasons that I purchased this mug, which was in part to bring coffee with me to work to avoid spending money on takeout coffee.First the positives …I purchased this coffee with two things in mine: one to keep my coffee hot when I’m sitting outside in the morning on cool mornings. To that… With or without the lid, my coffee stays hot for a long time.It’s easy to clean.The second reason was to use it as a to go mug - here are the negatives… Even after washing it multiple times I still taste metal when I’m drinking the coffee. The design of the lid is awkward. When I open the lid to drink my coffee -  the lid seems to not push back far enough, and if I accidentally take a large swig as opposed to a small sip , the coffee does come out the sides of the opening in the lid.Because of the rounded bottom, the coffee mug does not sit in the coffee holder in my car and constantly tips over. And the lid is not secure enough and will leak out the sides.I have a love-hate relationship with this coffee mug, but the more important reason why I bought this was to have hot coffee on the way to work, and for that reasons, it’s a thumbs down for me.On that note, the reason why I am writing this review is because on my way to work today when my coffee tipped over and spilled out the sides of the lid and all over my console… I proceeded to stop at the gas station  and throw it out.  We had to break up - it was a dysfunctional relationship.  I was trying to make the coffee mug something that it would never beIf you’re using this coffee mug for camping, I think it’s an 8 out of 10. If you’re using it as a travel mug, it’s a big zero.\n')
('Joel Kidd', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love this mug. Perfect size, keeps things hot/cold for a long time. It’s very convenient it just doesn’t fit in the cup holder in my car but that’s ok. Go ahead and purchase one for yourself!\n')
('AndreaR', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLove it. Have a Nespresso coffee maker and fits perfectly. It also keeps what ever coffee drink I make warm for a good period of time.\n')
('Bob B', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReturned item\n')
('KellieShae', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy husband uses this everyday for his coffee. It’s very easy to clean and it keeps his coffee hot for hours if need be.I would definitely recommend this for anyone.\n')
('Deecat', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIf you turn this upside down, expect the liquids to spill, other wise, this is great. It doesn't keep your tea or coffee hot all day but it does keep it good while you're drinking the last sip.If you are planning to throw this around and flip it upside down, I don't recommend this,  but if you're looking for a sturdy cup that won't break when you drop it and keeps your drinks good, I would recommend this.\n")
('Nadav Davis', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nBought this for my mother who enjoys sipping her coffee based on how well the cup was supposed to retain heat. When I received it, I filled it with boiling water and covered it. At 30 minutes, the water was still hot, but an hour later it was lukewarm. Not was was promised. In addition, I was uncomfortable with the way the lid worked. (Incidentally, I think the lid is where the heat is lost.) It slides and was so easy to open, I was afraid it would get away with her and she would get burned.\n')
('Nunciada', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug, keeps coffee hot to the last drop 30 minutes later. From. Start to finish the mug is room temp on the outside and hot on the inside.\n')
('Naja Faysal', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nLoved it\n')
('Patricia Berry', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nvery quick delivery and product as was annonced\n')
("Ku 'Ale", '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy tea leaked all over my car the first time I used it. Liquid easily comes out of the rim of the cup if it is tilted. I will return.\n')
('Mrs habibah bryant ', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEven while fully closed, just tilting the cup a bit sideways and it leaks. What is the point of a mug that can be closed, but leaks anyway????\n')
('Kayakkay', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI use it mostly for coffee or tea and it keeps my drink warm.  I'll probably use it for cold drinks too.  I like the size and its lightweight.\n")
('L C C', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nhandle falls off.\n')
('NY Customer', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWe return it because the mug does not keep the liquid warm, or ice cream for not even 30 minutes, it is leaking liquid.\n')
('Claus K.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDieser Kaffeebecher ist prima fürs Büro geeignet. Er ist zwar nicht auslaufsicher hat aber ein ausreichendes Fassungsvermögen, der Henkel wird nicht heiß und er sieht wirklich schön aus.\n')
('J. Snodgrass', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI ordered 2 of these and when doing the initial cleaning one of the tabs that hold the two pieces of the lid together broke. I immediately contacted customer service to see if I could order a replacement lid. They shipped me a replacement mug and lid at no charge. I was surprised and impressed. These mugs keep my coffee and tea hot for hours. I love them!!!\n')
('Isabella Hodgson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLeaks along the side of the lid as soon as the cup is tilted far enough that the liquid level is over the edge. Barely more efficient at holding the liquid in than a cup with no lid.Starts leaking heat in minutes and has a 1/2 cm steel rim that gets scalding hot if you've had the lid on. Almost guarantees burns on the lips unless you allow the liquid to cool far down.\n")
('Stblomme', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nColor good, size good, drinking good. A little clunky\n')
('AnneWL', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEasy to hold handle easy to clean\n')
('Reina Lecuyer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIT FITS THE HAND WELL.\n')
('Thorsten', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nHält was er verspricht, für jeden Alltag geeignet.\n')
('Southside', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a good mug, it's well made and easy to hold.  It just didn't keep my coffee as hot as I like it.\n")
('Gineen Morris-Giffin', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve tried several mugs to keep my coffee hot; this one is, by far, the best I’ve tried! My favorite part is the lid - no leaking and large area to sip from.\n')
('D. Gale', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMy boyfriend loves it and uses it everyday!\n')
('Heiko', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGute Qualität nichts zu meckern\n')
('Robert Stout', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nGreat size for a cup of coffee or tea. I also use it for my wine. The shape is unique and stylish. It's easy to clean. Love it!\n")
