('Annalisa', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nAcquistate rossa/nera. Resistenti, non fuoriesce nessuna goccia, molto belle e funzionali. Acquisto consigliato.\n')
('Johanna', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThese are amazing. I've had them for a few months so far. Properly leak proof. It retains coldness better than heat. But the heat retention is pretty great though. Will keep things hot for at 4 hours after which it'll start cooling down. By the end of the day my tea was still warm.\n")
('Vine Yard', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFirst of all i am very pleased with this item. It’s the perfect coffee/tea tumbler. Hubby brings coffee to work each night just to kick start him while on his way to work and he’s not a big coffee drinker so the size is just right for him. It fits on the car’s cup holder. I love that there are 2 ways to drink from it, depending if you’re drinking hot or cold drink. It’s not dishwasher safe but it’s easy to clean. I used mine for tea and it keeps my tea warm for a long time.\n')
('joy cameron', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nIt is leakproff but definitely does not hold 17oz. FALSE advertising.\n')
('Jessie Palmer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n1.comes in different colors. The the neutral color the best!2. has two sides to drink out of. One for cold, one for hot drinks3.easy to clean4. Top closes very firmly. You can even flip the cup upside down and it will not spill!I need more of these!\n')
('Yan chen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFeels good, lightweight and easy to carry\n')
('ashley m', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese are awesome little cups, the design is fantastic and they look stylish too. I put hot coffee in them, and they keep my drink nice and hot all day. They are durable enough to withstand being tossed around without damaging the cup, but i was only rough with them while empty.......I dont really recommend testing them while full as I did notice a small amount of leakage from 1 of the cups, though it was just a few drops. Overall, I really like these cups, and think they are absolutely a great value for the price. I would definitely buy them again\n')
('Jennifer Hirschmanner', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese travel cups are absolutely worth buying. They are the perfect size, fits in the car holder, has a button that pops up the straw! Such great quality. I love these cups!\n')
('Sarah', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI don't think I can get enough insulated bottles when you have kids, it's just a necessity. They can take these to school with them and not worry about leaking. I am always grabbing one of these when we are going on long trips or going to stay out in the hot sun because it keeps the ice water cold. Love them! I use these for cold drinks like ice water and smoothies or ice coffee, and they also work great for hot drinks like coffee and hot chocolate, would recommend! They fit great in cup holders and keep things hot or cold depending on the temperature.\n")
('Halszka', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    \n                \n\n\n\n\xa0I am glad it comes as a set of two :). My husband got a red one, I got the light one. It comes with a straw that can be attached inside but that’s mostly for cold drinks. It’s stainless steel inside and doesn’t have a weird smell. When we used it for a first time it leaked on us a bit :(. Two reasons. Make sure to tighten the lid. It tends to screw in a little unevenly. Also there are two ways you can drink, if you choose to use the side, cup like notch, make sure to snap it strong. Otherwise it leaks there too.Besides that it holds temperature for a few hours so all good! Non slippery in hand either.\n')
('Emily Souza', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nHaving a lid that doubles as a sipping lid and a straw lid is genius. I don't have to find a place to store the one I'm not using, and can alternate between how and cold drinks seamlessly. This mug keeps liquids hot for a really long time - 4 hours at least, as that's as long as I have tested it, and my tea was still almost too hot to drink. And it holds ice overnight no problem. The lid is a bit of a pain to clean, but not terrible, and definitely not bad enough to deter me from using/washing it every day. Love love love these mugs!\n")
('Jessica Mercado', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nCumplen muy bien con sus funciones\n')
("That's So Ace", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese cups are so cute. One for me, one for him. They’re easier to clean than my older more expensive cups, and they keep my drinks just as warm. The bottom of the cups says Hand Wash Only, but the description says it’s dishwasher safe, so I’m not sure which instructions to go by. For now, I’m sticking with hand washing. I don’t really use the straw option, mainly because I mostly drink coffee from this cup, but it’s a nice feature. I love that the cup fits snugly and easily in my backpack pocket and car cup holders, and I can also toss it in my bag without too much concern that it’s going to leak all over the place (although I’m always cautious when I have it inside my bag just in case since I’ve had lots of accidents with other cups in the past). These cups are SO giftable— I’m thinking about ordering more as Christmas stocking stuffers! Very good quality and good price. Great looking, too. You could use these for kids as well— they’re versatile and light!\n')
('Lesel Rivera', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThe mug is beautiful but leaks a ton. I damage my shirt trying to drink coffee before a meeting. A total mess!\n')
('Amazon Customer', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nWell designed to accommodate both hot and cold drinks.\n')
('FLOresFAM VA 😁', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\n\n\n\n\n                    \n                \n\n\n\n\xa0I've been using this for cold drinks for a couple days. Keeps drinks cold even if you poor straight out from fridge with no ice. Wife has been using hers to travel primarily with hot drinks. Only dislike is the straw doesn't reach the bottom for the final gulp.\n")
('Jakob', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIch habe die Becher für meine Freundin gekauft.  In der Verpackung gibt's insgesamt 2 Becher, ein weißen für meine Freundin und ein schwarzen für mich. Wir sind begeistert von der Becher, die super lange warm hält und eine sehr gute Design hat. Mit dem Trinkhalm kann ich auch die Kaffee beim Autofahren trinken. Das finde ich super geil :) !\n")
('IchibanVox', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI got these for hot tea, so don’t really like that they say “coffee” down the side. Otherwise, they are great. I like the smaller size for tea. They seem to be well insulated. I don’t usually let my drink sit for hours, so if it’s been kept warm/cold for 2-3 hours, that’s more than enough for me. The lid is 2 in one, so you don’t have to worry about losing (or storing) one of the lids. The flip closure to the sip side stays in place and so doesn’t hit you in the nose when you’re taking a sip. The grippy thing on the bottom keeps you from easily knocking it over. Overall, a decent price for 2 travel mugs and a good product.\n')
('EllieMc', '3.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThere are features I really like about this tumbler and others that I definitely don’t. I ultimately got these for my sons to bring to soccer practice to keep water cold. We’ll start with the pros. They are easy to hold and fit just right in your hand. I love that there’s 2 ways you can drink from it. You can either flip the lid and sip from it, or drink from a straw. The rubber bottom is a nice touch. It does a great job at keeping water cold. We go to practice, come home, and then hours later there’s still ice inside. It also does the same for coffee, but not quite as long.Now for the parts I don’t like. I’m not crazy about the plastic lid. The metal tumbler itself is great quality, but I wish the plastic was not as thin, or cheap feeling. The straw is WAY too small for the tumbler. My kids let me know that the first time they used it. It is a tad hard to clean the part the state plugs into on the lid. I wish it didn’t have “coffee” in huge letters on the side. I may see if I can find a way to take that off. I don’t believe that it truly holds 16 ounces. I would say it’s probably closer to 12 ounces.\n')
('Brigeyboo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThese are such a nice set for a couple. Very cute his and hers type of gift, the product is nice and doesn't leak and feels very sturdy. Keeps liquid hot for a while.\n")
('Phasion', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    \n                \n\n\n')
('Jade Phillips', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nGreat mug but only about 12oz. This company has also sent me 2 of their food jars and they are wonderful as well, they are a good size and come with cutlery.\n')
('Fish Fisherson', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nSo far I'm loving this set. Got for my husband and I. He uses it for both water and coffee. I usually just use mine for coffee but I love the straw feature that would give me the option to use it for another drink like water. It's matte color and looks really nice. It holds about 17oz so I'm able to do a 16oz kcup and have a little room for creamer. It's not very tall which is nice because I can fit it more places like shelving in the cabinet. And it's also not too wide at the base so I'm able to fit it in most cup holders which is important to me. Pretty happy and I would definitely get more.\n")
('Marco Passucci  MP Computers', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\n\n\n\n\n                    \n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Le ho prese per poterle usare sia a casa che in ufficio o in viaggio. Hanno una chiusura ermetica e si possono usare sia bevendo dal beccuccio che dal tappo.Non va usata nel microonde e lavata a mano, e' fatta in alluminio adatto per alimenti.Presa antiscivolo.\n")
('Katiria', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMe encanta porque no bota nada\n')
('chongming chen', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nProductor bonito y bueno por dentro lleva una pajita\n')
('mrs tjeng', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOne for me and one for my husband, works great for hot coffee and it can keep hot for hours and it can keep cold drinks for hours too, we have been using these water bottle for weeks now and we are very very happy with the quality of the product and we recommend this product. THANKS :)\n')
('Sabrina', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nFatte davvero benissimo, acciaio inossidabile all'interno, bpa free ed hanno anche la chiusura di sicurezza per evitare qualsiasi inconveniente se le si porta in borsa. Prese per me e mio marito, verde ottanio è il mio colore preferito. Mantengono sia caldo che freddo in maniera ottimale. Comodo anche il beccuccio in silicone che fuoriesce quando le si aprono...si può bere sia direttamente che versare il contenuto altrove. Capienza media da 400ml, personalmente la utizzo ogni giorno per portare il caffè a lavoro.\n")
('Skerdy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nKeeps warm or cold your coffee for hours.Is nice for gift to someone who loves coffee.\n')
('A. S.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nDas Produkt ist leider GARNICHT AUSLAUFSICHER\n')
('Yingying Wang', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nMes filles les emmènent tous les jours pour aller à l’école( maternelle et primaires), le Thermos est bien solide, avec une bonne volume, qui garde bien le température d’eau pendant la journée, très pratique pour laver. Par rapport le qualité et prix, je les recommande.\n')
('G. Fisher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\n\n\n\n\n                    \n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Comfortable to hold and easy to operate one-handed, my XIAPIA 17 oz Reusable Coffee Cups with Lids and Straws are exactly what my wife and I wanted in a travel mug. I can fill mine with fresh, hot coffee before I leave home and know it will still be hot hours later. My wife can fill hers with cold water in the morning and even late in the day it will still be cool and refreshing. What we especially like is that no change is needed to switch from a sipping cup to a drinking cup - the built-in straw stays safely out of the way until it's popped up but doesn't interfere with the drinking port. Similarly, our cups keep hot drinks hot and cold beverages cold.Our XIAPIA 17 oz Reusable Coffee Cups with Lids and Straws fit securely in the cup holders of our cars and can be cleaned in the dishwasher. They also look really nice. We love these cups, use them every day, and recommend them highly, for personal use and also as gifts.\n")
('Xianglin', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI like this color very much, it's good quality and low price. It's very easy to carry in the hand, and the base has a cushion not easy to slip. I like it very much for keeping warm and cold.\n")
('Connie', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nUsed to have a bigger one but I kept holding it from the top and it was very inconvenient. This time I opted for the smaller size. I have to say that this coffee tumbler offers a lot. Excellent insulation effect and perfect size for easy use with one hand. Besides the lid is my favourite part and the variety of drinking options is very interesting. Compared to YETI and other brands of coffee tumblers, the value for money is very good. And the 2-pack is even better for sharing with those closest to you.\n')
('Liz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like that you get two for the price. So far, it seals great, keeps coffee hot, and is easy to clean.\n')
('Christopher', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\n\n\n\n\n                    \n                \n\n\n\n\xa0These mugs do their job. They insulate really well and the temperature of my coffee lasts until I finish drinking it! I will be buying more for gifts to my friends!\n')
('Felix', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSchönes Design, gute Isolierung。Ich habe es benutzt und es läuft keine Flüssigkeit aus, daher ist es perfekt, in die Rucksack zu packen und auf Reisen mitzunehmen.Der Becher ist auch sehr groß und daher leicht zu reinigen.\n')
('Armando Flores', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese mugs are just perfect for keeping my coffee warm throughout the morning at work. They are very strong and durable. Feels good in the hand to hold and has a good grip to it. The spout latches very tightly and does not spill if dropped or tipped over. The lid is twisted on and has a great seal. It’s the perfect size that fits pretty much any cup holder for on the go. These mugs are extremely valuable for what it is. I highly recommend them!\n')
('Pete', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNone drip great product\n')
('Nicole Hernandez', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve been using portable coffee cups for a while but tend to get disgusted with how the lids and corners get dirty, this one though? AMAZING!Great size about it, simple design and the lid is very well made. One part for straw use and the other for the typical sip motion. NONE of these sides spill, I knocked this poor cup so many times and not one drop fell.\n')
('Matt and Jessi', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese tumblers are well-made, nicely-designed, keep my coffee hot for several hours, and come at a good price. They have a very nice look and texture.\n')
('Katelyn', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’m always on the hunt for a leak proof/temperature holding/stylish coffee thermos. From the size to the style this is has beaten out my Contigo, Yeti, Artic, Hydro and obviously Starbucks coffee on the go cups.There was a slight issue with my initial order placed, and their customer service team went above and beyond. 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 Claps to this company and this cup!!!\n')
('momof4', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\ntwo ways to drink from the top.  doesn't leak at all!\n")
('Sz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese coffee mugs are well made. With the same type of lids the kids have on their spill proof water and juice bottles, these mugs aren’t going to spill coffee anywhere, ever. The bottoms are slip proof with a “no microwave”and “hand wash only” message. Holding 16ish oz, if you’re looking for larger volumes this might not work. I found the size to be perfect for my travel, coffee habits. I also like that I can put them in the cup holder in my car door on long trips. I’m constantly shifting my drinks around from the main cup holders to the door as I get refills and bottled water. I’d have loved for them to be dishwasher safe but I’m ok with hand washing because they’re well insulated. The price seems reasonable for 2 mugs and I think they’ll hold up for many years.\n')
('dutchgirl', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\ngreat size and easy to clean. keep coffee hot\n')
("Client d'Amazon", '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès bonne cavité\n')
