('JMiz', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\n\n\n\n\n                    The media could not be loaded.\n                \n\n\n\n\xa0Not impressed as lid doesn't seal properly and leaks when using lid\n")
('Barbara Simons', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nOnly kept tea hot for about 2 hours, I have had cups that keep tea hot for about 5 hours.  I haven't tried the cold drinks yet hence the 2 stars.\n")
('Chantal', '2.0 out of 5 stars', '\nTrès beau mug , bonne contenance, garde vraiment longtemps la boisson au chaud … je le trouve pas très hermétique… mais bon on est pas sensé secouer le mug dans tout les sens\n')
('Nimbus', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis Contigo Streeterville Mug is well designed and made. I like the fact it isn't too tall as that means it's less likely to be tipped over, plus there's also rubber base. The handle remains cool however hot the contents are. Overall the mug is easy to drink from whether you use the slide opening lid or remove it and drink directly from the cup . The product is top rack dishwasher safe and easy to clean as there are no ridges etc in it.The most important thing to me is that the cup doesn't leak and keeps liquids hot or cold for a decent period of time. Overall, a well designed and made mug at a reasonable price especially as this is a product which feels as though it will last.\n")
('Raphael Huber', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIt doesn't keep anything particularily long warm, but in addition to that it leaks. And it doesn't just leak if you put it upside down, it actually leaks if you simply walk with it. It will spill out even when closed and liquid will be over the lid.Not recommended. It's nice big though.\n")
("rbmusicman/and/movie-fan'", '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis mug is high quality. It is all metal apart from the rubber base to stop it slipping around. This mug isn't completely watertight with the lid on but it will stop minor spills from travel and if it gets bumped. There is a spout you can open with a slide on the lid. Due to it being thermal, once the lid is on, it will keep your drinks very hot for a long time. It's a fantastic size and can comfortably hold around 400ml of your chosen beverage. Great for outdoors and for winter to keep your drink nice and hot.\n")
('Amazon Customer', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNot a bad pot for me. Love my tea.\n')
('josh', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nPerfect for me, who is 1. Always spilling my tea, and 2. Forever forgetting that I made tea. This has solved both my problems. It keeps my drink warm for hours, so it doesn't matter how many times I forget about it. And the lid is secure and comfortable to drink from.Overall build quailty is fantastic and it has an anti slip bottom which also prevents leaving coffee rings on furniture.Only downside is that it won't fit in my cup holder when out and about in the car. But for home and camping it's ideal. Would recommend\n")
('pops', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’m always forgetting my brew while doing other things. This keeps my tea hot for longer.Great purchase\n')
('Sam Green', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nPros:* Easy to clean it* Grip at the bottom is very handy* Easy to hold, does not get hot* Leak proof\n')
('SonicQuack', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis thermos cup holds a very large cup of tea or coffee. The body of the cup remains cool, whilst the contents stay hot for a long time. If near boiling water is added to the thermos, if you intend to consume the hot liquid in the near future, leave ventilated. It certainly keeps the temperature high, and for several hours, where the heat slowly diminishes.The design uses a push to seal lid, which does require careful removal if the contents are very hot. This tight connection does ensure there are no leaks. This does require a strong grip to open and close. There is an access hatch, to sip the drink. A smaller access point will also help retain the heat.The cup itself is durable. The colour a little muted, but is not obtrusive.\n')
('Crazy Bald Heid', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAs someone who is in an office that's not subjected to air conditioning - it's always really hot or really cold, so difficult to keep a cold drink cold and a hot drink hot, depending on the season.This is a nice looking mug, I've plumped for the blue one. Unlike a lot of thermal mugs in has a handle, a small detail, but quite nice if it's sitting on a desk.The lid is very secure, you can just about hold it upside down without any leakage if its closed.It's nice to drink from as the walls of the mug, hence the lip are about as thin as a regular coffee mug.Most importantly it does fulfil the basic function of keeping hot drinks hot and cold ones cold pretty well.If there is a downside it is that it's too broad to fit into a standard cupholder in most cars.\n")
('Al S.', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI bought this mug because I own a number of other Contigo items, and they have all been top quality. I have been using their "West Loop Autoseal" travel mugs for several years now, and while they\'re pretty efficient at keeping things hot or cold, and are utterly un-spillable, their lids are a bit of a fiddle to keep clean, on account of the levers and springs that make the sipping mouthpiece leak proof. I thought this mug might be a more efficient item for day-to-day indoor coffee drinking, and have not been disappointed. Drinks stay warmer longer than they would in china or ceramic mug, even without the lid on. The lid itself is a simple enough affair, and the sliding closure piece is easily removed for more thorough cleaning. The rubberised base protects your surfaces without the need for coasters, and stops the mug from sliding about (whether this makes it easier to tip over remains to be proven). Overall, the construction seems really sturdy, like last-a-lifetime sort of sturdy. You won\'t dent this easily, and it seems unlikely to break. I bought the white (salt) coloured one, which isn\'t terribly inspiring, but it\'ll be easy enough to zhoosh it up a bit with a sticker or two, and it was a couple of quid cheaper than the other colours available (tip: shop around for Contigo stuff, as the prices for the same item can vary greatly dependant on colour and/or seller). Delighted. I think I\'ll be using this as my main mug for many years to come, short of something apocalyptically unlikely happening to it - it\'ll probably outlive me! XD\n')
('Miguel lopez', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nExcelente\n')
('gaspare triolo', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nOk\n')
('S Bruce', '1.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI’ve used a Thermos ThermoCafé mug every work day for years so I was interested to see how this would compare. At time of writing, the Thermos product is about a fiver cheaper than this, so is it worth the extra?Well for a start, it’s got a much bigger capacity. The shape and colour of it (I got a ‘sake’ one) make it feel like a metal tankard, as though it ought to have Viking beer in it, and it can hold the best part of a pint. Despite the extra size, and the seemingly thinner walls, the heat retention seems very good, and a large hot drink does stay hot for a good long time.The down side of the size and design is that the handle is small and flimsy and hasn’t been scaled up appropriately to the weight and shape of the rest of the mug. It’s not a great gripper and you have to find the right grip on it to keep it under control when drinking from it, otherwise it wobbles. The handle needed more work at the design stage.The lid is very stiff, much stiffer than the Thermos one even when it was new. It requires a fair effort to press the lid down, or prise it open, and there’s no way it’s going to pop off accidentally unless it gets shaken with a significant amount of force. Unfortunately this also means that you have to concentrate on pressing it down once you’ve filled it, otherwise it’s liable to spill.The lip and sipping position is neat and convenient, with a larger drinking hole than other mugs. This is fine so long as you’re concentrating, otherwise you’ve got more chance than average for spilling hot drinks right down your face. With a bit of gentle pressing you can put it in a half-open position which helps, but it’s not an intentional part of the design.The Thermos mugs are still going to be the ones I reach for each morning when preparing my commuting cuppa. I don’t need the extra capacity, and I prefer the handle on the Thermos. There are only minor things wrong with this mug though. I’ll certainly use it happily when I’ve forgotten to wash up the Thermos, even if it does seem a bit brutal and industrial by comparison.\n')
('Nick Mercedes', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is an insulated mug with a safe lid which can be slide clipped open to drink. The mug claims to keep hot drinks hot for 5 hours and cold drinks cold for 15 hours. I have tested the temperature of coffee over several hours (see pictures) and the temperature drop in the first hour was 10°C! The temperature had dropped 22°C by two and a half hours. You decide if that's insulated enough or not but obviously it is not perfect the contents would still be warm and drinkable. The cool drink stays cool longer as claimed. The top silver band of the mug bleeds heat where the rest of the mug maintains a steady temperature. It's a sturdy, easy to clean and good looking mug. It costs £15.02 and it is good quality, I just feel the 5 hours claim of staying hot is not accurately described.\n")
('Leo Fitzsimon', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nAt 130mm it was a bit taller than expected so I have to hook it under the spigot on my water heater/kettle thing but it does a good enough job, Take care when opening it when its got a full load on.. it's a bit tight (which is good), but it could end in tears... I'm happy.\n")
('Patrick Ng', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nEverything is excellent except the lid. I assumed the liquid won't come out when I closed the slider, but it doesn't. However, I am still happy with the built of the whole cup and the weight of itself. There is a pad at the bottom which makes no noise when you put down the cup every time. Contigo is my favourite as always!\n")
('Jas', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis travel mug is great! It forms a really tight seal so there is no leaking.I like the design of the mug- it’s a really good quality.Holds a good amount of beverage.Only downside for me is that it doesn’t fit in my cup holder in my car.Really great travel mug.\n')
('Marco Busani', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis desk mug from Contigo is available in a number of different colours my review relates to the Sake colour,which is a type of grey.The mug has good thermal insulating qualities.I have tested it out and can confirm that keeps hot drinks hot for 5 hours and cold drinks cold for up to 15 hours.Capacity is quite good at 410 ml.The base has a non slip rubber disc on the base to help stop any unwanted movement.The lid has a slider opening and is splashproof.The inside of the lid has a black silicone seal.The fact that it has a mug type designs means it is easy to put ice cubes in it,there is no narrow spout that can occur in some sports bottles,which can hinder the insertion of ice cubes.The handle is a decent size and is comfortable to hold in your hand.My rating is 5 Stars.I hope you will find my review helpful.\n')
('gauthier havet', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nLe premier produit était cabossé à la réception, je l'ai retourné. Le deuxième produit à une qualité de peinture médiocre, on voit des traces de bleu qui apparaissent sous une peinture mal exécutée. Je vais retourner ce produit également. Je ne conseille à personne d'acheter ce produit !\n")
('Roxy', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI love this travel mug, my favourite thing about it is the handle because it's easier to pick up, hold etc and it has a none slip rubber on the bottom of the cup. The only problem is it won't fit in any of my cup holders in the car so I can't use it for travelling. I've had no problems with the lid which seems secure and the bit where you drink from is a good size and easy to open and close. The travel mug keeps my drink hot for a long time and the quality is good. It holds 420ml which is a good size.\n")
('Monikpee', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nFantastic desk mug and keeps hot beverage for long hours. I will definitely recommend and good value for money...\n')
('Susan Random', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI own a few Contingo flasks and use them regularly as they're pretty effective at keeping my coffee warm. This lidded thermal mug works in a similar way but it has a much wider base which doesn't fit as nicely in the car's cup holders.I tested this item out using both tea and coffee, both performed fairly well although the tea had a distinct tinny taint. The spout also needs to be positioned in the correct way for ease of sipping.It's fairly good and I love the colour, but it's fairly expensive for what it is.\n")
('Jonathan L.', '2.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis would an incredible Mug IF it didn't leak as it does if you're taking anywhere other than your desk. Very disappointed to discover this aspect to the cup as so many others have. I too have the Contigo Luxe Autoseal Travel Mug which gets 5 stars because it seals. Why this doesn't is surely a design flaw for a cup advertised as being for people 'on the go'.\n")
