('Puff of joy', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nIs is a gorgeous flask.. I love how it looks and feels in the hand.. So simple in style but so crammed with chic looks. The top is secure and watertight and everything in it so far has either stayed very cold or my favourite very hot. Far hotter than alot of others I've tried.. This one is staying in my house for personal use daily.\n")
('R S', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis bottle looks really nice, It's slim and lightweight and has a quality finish.With the cold weather coming up in the next few months I thought I would test it out with hot water first.I poured boiling hot water direct from the kettle, left the lid off for approx 2 mins so the water had time to settle then screwed the lid on. Poured approx 1/4 out after 4 hours and the water was still very hot, after 8 hours I poured another 1/4 out and this time it was relatively warm but not hot, however, after 12 hours, it was only lukewarm. Still pretty good as the temperature was about 12 C during the day.Its a nice bottle that you can easily carry around with you, hopefully, it works well on cold water too.\n")
('Mr Gumby', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI like the minimal branding on this plain black bottle although it would be helpful if the capacity were printed on it somewhere. It seems to do a very good job of keeping contents cold/hot. It’s lightweight for a double-skin flask, at 300 grams, and is attractively priced, so makes an easy recommendation.\n')
('Pringles', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nNice metal and design, with high quality finish and keeps the water fresh and cold/hot for the day. Only improvement would be if it came with some equipment to clean it as this is quite difficult. But still its a overall nice bottle.\n')
("Wilde's Cabbage", '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nA very worthy flask from a company that I trust - I have another of their flasks which i love and use for making loose leaf tea.Granted, this one is designed like many other similar bottles from, now, hundreds of manufacturers.  But this one really can take the heat!Its sleek, stylish, smooth and sturdy in the standing position (not all are, trust me).  My hot tea stayed hot, eight hours later.It's worth the price for the better quality.\n")
('Silence, Earthling!', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nWhat's an odd question? Flavour... I have never eaten a flask and I don't intend to in the future... Fair enough it holds the heat really well and lasts all day! But really... Flavour?\n")
('🄰🄳🄴🄰', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nReally good stainless steel bottleIt keeps the water hot for up to 12 hoursOlso keeps the water cold for very long tooIt is expensive at the price £17.99  at the moment\n')
('Lastboyscoutuk', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThese types of bottle are all the rage now, according to my two teenage daughters.  Who I thought were going to fight (not literally) over this bottle, only to be told that the stainless-steel look was boring.  It may have been boring to them, but the finish on this bottle is great and it looks smart and really catches the light. There also a Santa Living log engraved on it.  I’m sad to say, it is also very tactile and smooth.It came in a boring black box, that looked a bit beaten up and was wrapped in a plastic bag – minimal packaging.The top of the lid and base do have a pattern to them, which help with gripping the lip when unscrewing it.  On the underside of the lid is a black plastic stopper, with a rubber like material at the bottle, that matches a similar on inside the bottle itself.  This forms part of the seal, ensuring the bottle doesn’t leak.  Shake it, turn it upside down, etc and nothing comes out.  So, no worries if this is going in a handbag, backpack, school bag, etc.  The flask, being double walled, does a great job of keeping drinks hot and cold.  I like to chill my bottle down before using for cold drinks and run through hot water for hot.Cleaning isn’t the easiest, as the bottle opening, and neck are quite narrow.  So, you must use a brush to do the job properly - particularly if you’re using it for hot drinks.  I find that tea does stain the inside of these, where the fill line is.  Also, if you’re using a sweetener in your hot drink, then after about 5-hours it starts to taint the taste.  I don’t believe this is coming from the stainless steel, more the sweetener.At £17.99, it’s on a par, price wise, with many other bottles.I hope you found this review & photos interesting, informative and useful.\n')
('Albert', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI ABSOLUTELY LOVE BRUSHED, POLISHED, LACQUERED OR NAKED STAINLESS STEEL.  FROM TOILET ROLL HOLDERS TO DRINKS BOTTLES STAINLESS STEEL LOOKS, AND IS THE PART ( IT DOESN’T RUST ).  THIS 0.5L (0.88 pint. Thanks Alexa !! ) BRUSHED STAINLESS ‘ SANTAI LIVING ‘ DOUBLE WALLED VACUUM FLASK OR COLD DRINK BOTTLE, LIVES UP TO ITS CLAIMS.  WITH HOT TEA IN IT, I SHOOK IT AROUND LIKE ‘ TOM CRUISE IN COCKTAIL ‘, THEN STOOD IT UPSIDE DOWN FOR 15 MINUTES.  NOT A DROP TRICKLED FROM IT.  I ALWAYS RUN WATER IN AND OUT OF ANY NEW DRINKING VESSEL, JUST TO GET THAT NEWNESS OUT OF IT.  AFTER DOING THAT WITH THIS STUNNING HOT 12HRS/COLD 24HRS DRINKS.BOTTLE/FLASK THERE WERE NO ODD TASTES WITH EITHER HOT OR COLD DRINKS.  MEASURING 10.5 inches ( 26.6cm j x 3inches ( 7.5cm ), IT DOESN’T FIT PROPERLY INTO MY FOCUS’s CUP HOLDERS, UNLESS I PUT IT IN AT AN ODD ANGLE AND PUNCH IT EVERY TIME THAT I CHANGE INTO 1ST OR 3RD.  THAT SEARCH GOES ON.  I HAVE READ BAD REPORTS FROM THE UNITED STATES OF THE BOTTOM SECTION BREAKING FREE FROM THE MAIN BODY OF THE ‘ SANTAI LIVING ‘ BOTTLE/ FLASK.  I’M HAPPY TO SAY THAT, IT HASN’T HAPPENED TO MINE YET.  NO ITS NOT A STAINLESS STEEL BASEBALL BAT.  WHEN ALL IS SAID AND DONE IT IS NOT ONLY A GOOD DRINKS BOTTLE/ VACUUM FLASK BUT A WORK OF BRUSHED STAINLESS ART ( TOLD YOU I WAS CRAZY ABOUT STAINLESS STEEL )\n')
('JuliaC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a really great insulated water bottle. It keeps the water cold for hours which means I drink more of it. It is sturdy but lightweight. It looks classy in brushed steel. Very pleased and no leaks either.\n')
('Francisco Javier casado Izquierdo', '4.0 out of 5 stars', '\nEsta bien es práctica y cómoda de llevar.La uso para llevar agua fresca al trabajo y se mantiene bien, con algo caliente no he probado .Es resistente y aguanta bien .Estaría bien que el tapón tuviera algún tipo de sujeción con la botella por si se cae al suelo, al abrirla si vas con prisas .Pero en general bien , la recomiendo.\n')
('Family on the coast', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is brilliant. It keeps my home made ice tea cold all day long at work. Even until the next day it remains cold.I've tested it with hot water too. I popped it in straight off the boil and 16 hours later it was still warm. It remains hot enough to brew tea for approximately 8 to 10 hours. Scorching for at least five hours.Perfect accompaniment for any environmentalist who works outside away from a kettle!\n")
('Trebor', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI love how slick this bottle looks; it looks at home wherever you put it. The overall quality of it is of high standard and I love the details around the top and bottom of it which really makes it look like a premium bottle.It’s got a nice weight to it, not too heavy but enough that it won’t get knocked over easily. When I first received it there was no smell from the inside and after using it, I can confirm there is no funny taste from it either which is great, I left a hot tea in there for several hours and it stayed the same in both taste and temperature.  The lid secures nice and tight with only a short turn and no leaks occurred when I left it upside down on my sink.Overall, I really think this is an excellent bottle, my opinion is that it’s the perfect size and shape and I love that its made from stainless steel rather than plastic, not just because of the environment but because it looks better, should hopefully last longer and wont leak anything nasty into your drinks. Plus, it feels more natural drinking out of this, more like a normal bottle instead of the ones you have to suck on or have a tiny/large opening on the top so that a bonus for me. I’m very happy with it and I highly recommend this item!\n')
('Budding Artist', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThe product is a high quality OEM insulated vacuum flask with the cool Santai  logo.it's pretty good.  on day one I tried it with ice cold water with an extra ice cube in the bottle for they gym and about 4 hours later the ice cube was still there.  The second day I put some green tea in the bottle in the morning and burned my mouth on it in the afternoon not realising it would be soo hot...In the past there some similar products thst would have a metallic taste but gladly this did not happen.The only thing I suggest is that when I got this product I had to wash it twice to get the new product smell off it so it was safe to drink from. however,  this is to be expected with any food grade storage item.\n")
('Micky - bookphenomena', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis is a good sized insulation bottle that can be used for cold or hot drinks. I have used it so far for cold water but more recently with hot coffee. As with most flasks, once you have used for coffee it is difficult to revert it back to other drinks as the taint of the taste stays with the flask. However, this is a nice, slim-line flask, easy to slip in a bag or rucksack and holds plenty.  I got the black flask and I like the simplicity of how it looks. If you want a cup for drinking that isn't included and you need to bring your own. Secure lid/fastening.\n")
('Tried, tested and...', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nI have been really impressed by this steel bottle as I am trying to increase my water intake. I have tried it with both hot and cold drinks and it maintains temperature almost exactly for around six hours and in terms of hot drinks it is drinkable for around 12. It is extremely easy to clean by simply filling with water and shaking and due to its natural stainless finish it can survive a drop a knock and a scratch without any bother. A great way to avoid wasting unnecessary plastics and keeping your drinks at your desired temperature.\n')
('Quicksilver', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI've been thinking of getting a bottle like this for some time. I have a different style won, that has a wider opening, which means it tends to spill a little too easily, especially when my children drink from it. This one keeps drinks nice and cold (though not such an issue in December) and is better to drink from.The silver finish is understated, not terribly exciting but it looks pretty great.\n")
('Bellyobibblyboodles', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nSometimes, it is really easy to get into the habit of only looking for \'BIG BRANDS" when seeking out items.  I\'m learning more and more that there are better value, higher quality, and greater choices of items available if you look a little harder.This flask bottle is one such example - great for keeping things hot or cold for at least 8 hours, and super strength - no chipping or discolouration.Washes well, looks good.  Highly recommended.\n')
('J-Mac', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nA fantastic, quality made bottle which I can take my water in. Keeps it nice and cold and still tastes refreshing after a few hours. Strong material and very easy to clean. Very good.\n')
('JC', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis water bottle feels high quality and is just as good as main branded equivalents.It's sturdy and feels like it will last a long time.It doesn't leak, and water stays cool in there for hours.It's priced appropriately so I would recommend this.\n")
('Wolfwoman', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nThis bottle is a nice neat shape that fits well in your hand.  It keeps drinks cold inside but doesn't feel icy cold to the touch on the outside.  It doesn't leak and is easy to drink out of.  I put it in the fridge on its side and it didn't leak. It was a bit damp when I removed it from the fridge but within a minute it was dry; this is really good as I won't have to keep this one in a bag when it's in my handbag at work in order to keep the inside of my handbag dry.  All in all, it works well, it's good quality and I'm very pleased with it.\n")
('C. FULLER-HALE', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nThis is a stylish and very effective vacuum flask. The flask keeps cold drinks cold and fresh for a long time it says 24 hours. It also keeps hot drinks hot for a long time too. Having used the flask for hot drinks on a day out it lasted several hours and it does indicate that it lasts 12 hours. The closure is very effective. It seals well and there are no drips or leakage. The flask has a 500mil capacity. It has a lovely brushed stainless steel finish. It’s easy to keep it clean both inside and out. It’s a functional well made product that is realistically priced.\n')
('Richard Kelly', '4.0 out of 5 stars', "\nI talk for a living. So during my usual working day I talk for about 8 hours top complete strangers. As you can imagine my throat gets a bit dry...What I need is a water bottle that is robust - I travel all over the UK for work - and actually keeps stuff cold. This bottle so far has proved adequate. It is robust, it just gets chucked in my work bag and it hasn't dented so far. And it does keep water cold. As it's double walled it doesn't actually hold all that much water, but as we have water dispensers at work it isn't an issue to refill it. The top fits well and it doesn't appear to leak.Overall it's a decent enough bottle\n")
('DdC91', '5.0 out of 5 stars', "\nTrès contente de mon achat. Garde l'eau fraîche très longtemps (testé en Asie) et n'est pas encombrante.J'ai acheté le même modèle pour mon fils.\n")
('its only me x', '5.0 out of 5 stars', '\nlovely bright and shiny bottlekeeps hot drinks hot and cold drinks cold so perfect all year round\n')
